# Mega Ambler

### Translations

🇰🇷 메가앰블러
🇨🇳 急救卫士
🇹🇼 烈刃救援
🇯🇵メガエンブラ
🇷🇺 Мега Эмблер

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

FMTV Ambulance

### Metal Cards

Mega Forceps

### Color

White

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[The Black Ambulance](</wiki/The_Black_Ambulance> "The Black Ambulance")_

### Sealed in

_The Black Ambulance_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Seo Won-seok (서원석)
🇨🇳 李浩飞
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Александр Гаврилин (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов (S)

**Mega Ambler** (메가앰블러, _Mega Aembeulleo_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is an unlicensed doctor who demanded an absurd amount of money for treatment, but his skills are outstanding before joining [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") as the Metal Cardbots' medic.

With the appearance of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , Mega Ambler and [Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") began research to create a vaccine against the Wild Cardbots' [Beast Virus](</wiki/Beast_Virus> "Beast Virus").

## History

On [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Mega Ambler was famous for his medical prowess, but he was also infamous for two very good reasons: he did not have an official permit for professional medical work and charged his patients high admission prices that would borderline bankrupt anyone who sought his care. Like the rest of his race, Mega Ambler was forced to evacuate Machina due to the planet's imminent destruction, and subsequently wound up on planet [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth").

Upon ending up in [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown"), Mega Ambler, having gotten considerably grimy since his arrival on the planet, would begin sending objects rolling after humans on a hill, causing them to run into a wall and knock themselves unconscious. Mega Ambler would then take them as his patients, administer his idea of treatment at an undisclosed warehouse, and subsequently return them to where he first picked them up. Thanks to his now filthy exterior, any residents who witnessed him in the act would later dub him as "The Black Ambulance".

On one particular day, Mega Ambler would perform his usual routine with [Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo"), with [Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna") as a horrified witness. Thanks to Teo sending a picture to Jun, who was alerted to the situation by Anna at the time, Jun would arrive with [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") to save him. Mega Ambler wasted no time in restraining Blue Cop in bandages, but Jun would later deploy [Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker") as backup. The truck Cardbot only briefly knocked him back before Mega Ambler damaged his right knee, at which point Blue Cop broke free and Mega Trucker was recalled. After rendering Blue Cop's right arm limp below the shoulder, Mega Ambler went in for the finish, but after dodging his attack Blue Cop would begin pinwheeling his limp arm to use it as a bludgeon, allowing him to deliver a Mega Volt Punch and let Jun seal him with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath").

Once back at Edo Motors, Mega Ambler was later cleaned by Jun and Teo, who had been let in on the Cardbots' secrets. Affirming his new allegiance to the group, Mega Ambler and Teo made peace with each other, though the ambulance Cardbot would later be stunned after their fistbump ended up injuring Teo.

## Appearance

Mega Ambler is a white Cardbot with green and red colors throughout his body, a light-blue left eye, a yellow scope on the right eye that allows him to analyze his subjects, a green medical cross symbol on each side of his head with a flap on the left, dark-gray sections on the upper arms, lower torso, and upper legs, gauntlets that act as his vehicle form's under grill, white hands with dark-gray palms, a three syringe-shaped plate on each upper leg, and red feet with a green and white medical cross symbol on the ankles. His vehicle form is an ambulance truck based on a FMTV military truck with the right windshield being scope-based and the left containing a green visor.

Mega Ambler was covered in dirt on his debut in _The Black Ambulance_ until Jun and Teo washed him clean.

### Early designs

[](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/b/b5/MegaAmblerFaces.png/revision/latest?cb=20240910123653>)

The many faces of Mega Ambler[1]

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Mega Forceps** (메탈카드 - 메가 포셉, _Metal Kadeu - Mega Poseb_): A translucent white colored large medical forceps gauntlet mounted on Mega Ambler's right arm.
    * **Forceps Crush** (포셉 크러쉬, _Poseb Keuleoswi_): Mega Ambler uses the Mega Forceps to grab the enemy's weak point and restrict their movement.
    * **Forceps Shock** (포셉 쇼크, _Poseb Syokeu_): Mega Ambler's main ultimate technique. Paralyzes enemies by delivering a powerful electric shock with the Mega Forceps.
  * **Mega Bandage** (메가 붕대, _Mega Bungdae_): White bandage rolls that Mega Ambler can use for both medical aid and binding opponents.
  * **Recycle Shot** (리사이클 샷, _Lisaikeul Syas_): A green energy beam used to temporarily repair the damages of a Cardbot in seconds. The beam can also convert into an energy dome to heal multiple Cardbots at once.
  * **Sanitizer Spray** : Mega Ambler can emit a green sanitizing mist from his right index finger.

## Trivia

  * Mega Ambler's name was "Doctor Storm" during pre-production.[2].
  * In the early production phases, Mega Ambler was originally meant to wield a sniper rifle, though as the show's concept evolved, it was changed to his current Metal Card Weapon. Despite this, remnants of the concept can be seen on the final character design, with bullets housed on his thighs (though they can also be interpreted as syringes).
