# Glober

### Translations

🇰🇷 글로버
🇨🇳 星际游侠
🇹🇼 寰宇俠客
🇯🇵 グローバー
🇷🇺 Глобер

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

3-door Off-Road SUV

### Metal Cards

Shadow Whip

### Color

Munsell-Yellow

## Relationships

### Friends

[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Cave Escape](</wiki/Cave_Escape> "Cave Escape")_

### Sealed in

_[Glober's End](</wiki/Glober%27s_End> "Glober's End")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Sang-Hyeon Eom (엄상현)
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Никита Крахмалёв

**Glober** (글로버, _Geullobeo_) is a new [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is an explorer who has taken a liking to Earth's nature and was against being sealed in the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath"). Glober confronted [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") to save [Wella](</wiki/Wella> "Wella"), but was severely injured in the process. He accepted Jun's request to be sealed in the Metal Breath to heal.

## History

Glober has been friends with [Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush") since the days of Planet Machina. After its destruction, they drifted through space in their individual escape pods until arriving on Earth after a long journey. However, during the landing process, Glober's escape pod crashed due to an accident, and they were separated. After marveling Earth's nature, Glober became enchanted to the planet's environment and lives freely, traveling around the world to take in the beautiful scenery. However, he learned of Rock Crush's incident that lead to him becoming a reclusive loner out of fear.

## Appearance

Glober is a munsell-yellow Cardbot sporting an explorer design, a web-orange head with a safari hat sporting a built-in flashlight, a compass symbol on each side, green eyes, large shoulders, a munsell-yellow torso with a black base and web-orange plate on the center, a munsell-yellow/black back storing the folded doors, black upper arms, munsell-yellow forearms with a web-orange inner arm and part of a front bumper, silver hands with a munsell-yellow backhand, munsell-yellow hip with web-orange sections, black upper legs, munsell-yellow lower legs with a web-orange center, black feet, and black markings on each limb (a compass on the right shoulder, and stripes on the left shoulder and legs). His vehicle form is a 3-door SUV based on a Mitsubishi Pajero.

To blend in with humans, Glober occupies his driver's seat with a mannequin. It has a outdoorsy clothes, a drawn-on face, and is named "Jones".

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Shadow Whip** (메탈카드 - 쉐도우 윕, _Metal Kadeu - Swedou Web_): A gauntlet equipped with a firearm barrel and a metallic whip attached on Glober's right arm.
    * **Catcher Whip** (캐쳐 윕, _Kaechyeo Wib_): Glober uses the Shadow Whip to bind the opponent and make them unable to move.
    * **Thunder Whip** (썬더 윕, _Sseondeo Wib_): Glober binds the opponent with the Shadow Whip and then emits a strong electric current through the weapon to electrocute the opponent.
    * **Cutter Whip** (커터 휩, _Keoteo Wib_): Glober generates and unleashes from one to multiple orange-yellow crescent energy slashes from cracking the Shadow Whip.

## Trivia

  * Glober's appearance, Metal Card Weapon, and adventurous habit is based on Disney's titular character of the _Indiana Jones_ franchise.
    * His decoy dummy also has Jones' name.
