# Blastrain

### Translations

🇰🇷 블래스트레인
🇨🇳 重轨巨神
🇹🇼 焰軌衝鋒
🇯🇵 ブラストレイン
🇷🇺 Бласттрейн

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

EMD F-unit Steam Locomotive

### Metal Cards

Blast Claw

### Color

Black
Red

## Relationships

### Friends

[Mona](</wiki/Mona> "Mona")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Midnight Ghost Train](</wiki/Midnight_Ghost_Train> "Midnight Ghost Train")_

### Sealed in

_[Runaway Locomotive Blastrain](</wiki/Runaway_Locomotive_Blastrain> "Runaway Locomotive Blastrain")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Sung-yong Ha (하성용)
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов

**Blastrain** (블래스트레인, _Beullaeseuteulein_) is a Cardbot introduced in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. Initially the source of rumors of the Midnight Express ghost train at [Mowtown Station](</wiki/Mowtown_Station> "Mowtown Station"), Blastrain suffered from electrical malfunction due to being overloaded from the train tracks' third rail. He was saved and sealed by [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and his Cardbot allies, leading to becoming an ally and reconfigured by [Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo") and [Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo") to become immune to electrical overload.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Blastrain cruised around on trains tracks made of light, a typical ability for those with train alt modes. It took constant concentration to produce the tracks, often resulting in accidents as his mind wandered. After escaping the destroyed Machina he was delighted to discover that [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") had permanent tracks and became a regular who passed through [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown") Station only at night so as to not disturb humans. He began to malfunction and act aggressively from an overflow of electricity from the tracks' third rail.

## Appearance

In his **Solo Transformation Mode** (단독 변신 모드, _Dandog Byeonsin Modeu_), Blastrain appears as a slim black Cardbot with a train conductor appearance, a black head resembling a conductor's hat sporting a golden crest with two green orbs, a train track symbol on each side, green eyes, a black/red torso with golden parts and a golden colored track design along the center, a bulldog nose as the back, red shoulder with a golden slanted track, black arms resembling a conductor's jacket sleeves with golden circles on the wrist, red forearms with half a golden wing crest, white hands, a red hip, white upper legs, black lower legs with silver/golden/red coloration parts on the shins, and black feet with golden soles. His vehicle form is a steam locomotive-based train modelled on an EMD F-Unit with two extra train cars.

In his **Final Combination Mode** (최종 합체 모드, _Choejong Habche Modeu_), Blastrain becomes massive and bulky, equal in height to [Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop"), [Blue Cop Trinity](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"), [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") and [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"), his main body in Solo Transformation Mode converts into the main body: his back and arms form the torso, and his legs become the upper legs with the feet acting as knee extensions, the cowcatcher is converted into the front hip armor, both train cars splits in half to form the limbs: the upper halves become the black/red shoulders and arms, the lower halves become the black/red lower legs with red feet, red/black/golden shins and silver calves, and the head gains a large conductor hat-style headgear with gold crests and a train wheel/coupling rod on each side.

A feature only exclusive to Blastrain is the ability to create a human-sized robot copy to transfer his consciousness in. The doppelganger's head resembles Blastrain's in Solo Transformation Mode, but possesses a humanoid physique, and is clothed in a train conductor suit, comprised of a black jacket with yellow stripes and red breast pockets, a red vest, black pants, and a grey tie with yellow stripes. After being sealed and repaired by Jun's group, the copy added a mustache and glasses to the attire.

## Personality

Blastrain plays the part of train conductor at all times and speaks in a formal manner, often emulating the announcements made to passengers. He seems somewhat disinterested in things that don't involve his role as a train, but is nevertheless glad to be a part of Jun's team and is willing to help those in need even if it breaks protocol.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Blast Claw** (메탈카드 - 블래스트클로, _Metal Kadeu - Beullaeseuteu Keullo_): A pair of giant claws mounted on Blastrain's arms in his combined form.
    * **Last Destination** (라스트 데스티네이션, _Laeseuteu Deseutineisyeon_): Blastrain ignites the Blast Claws with flames, then advance along the rail of light to strike the opponent at full speed.
    * **Crossover Storm** (크로스오버 스톰, _Keuloseuobeo Seutom_): Blastrain swings the Blast Claws in an X-shape to release triple orange energy slashes.
  * **Shoulder Blast** (숄더 블래스트, _Syoldeo Beullaeseuteu_): A large two-barreled cannon mounted in Blastrain's shoulders. It fires a beam of high-temperature flame through the internal heat wire.
  * **Blast Shot** (블래스트샷, _Beullaeseuteu Syas_): A giant laser gun wielded in Blastrain's downgraded form.
  * **Train Wheels** : Blastrain can energize the wheels in his legs with orange energy and launch them as projectiles.
  * **Head Drone** (헤드 드론, _Hedeu Deulon_): A UAV-type drone that transforms into Blastrain's headgear when in his combined form.
  * **Hyper Dimension Rail** (초차원 레일, _Chochawon Leil_): Using his mind, Blastrain can create a green light of train tracks. There are no restrictions on direction, so the path can even extend into the sky and run through the air, so it can also be used in battle. However, if concentration is lost even for a moment, the creation of the path will stop, so it is necessary to maintain a high level of focus.
  * **Horn Pulse** : Blastrain can emit a powerful horn frequency from his body that can momentarily disable the opposing Cardbot.

## Toys

  * The Korean version was released in April 2025, and is the priciest and tallest Metal Cardbot toy to date at 33cm height. The blaster and drone/helmet are stored in each leg compartment.
    * The second production run in July has several quality-of-life fixes:
      * For the inner robot, the torso slider, head slider, and forearm sliders click in securely when they were initially loose.
      * For the Final Combination Mode, the insides of the shoulder sliders have been smoothed out so that the shoulder connector blocks won't be warped, the tabs connecting the inner robot arms the torso of the super mode now lock in securely, the thigh and knee ratchets have been reinforced, and the chin has paint that covers the whole area.
  * The Jumpgo Chinese version (product number 8165) was released in August 2025, It is unverified if this release uses the fixed version of the toy.

## Trivia

  * Blastrain's Final Combination Mode and the combination sequence is similar to that of the giant robo Grand Liner from the 1999 Japanese Tokusatsu series _Kyukyu Sentai GoGoFive_.
  * The Head Drone's function was not utilized in the show other than to be attached to Blastrain in his Final Combination Mode.
