# Tigun

### Translations

🇰🇷 타이건

🇨🇳
🇯🇵 タイガン
🇷🇺 Тайган

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Tank

### Metal Cards

Growl Cannonaxe

### Color

White
Teal-Green

## Relationships

### Friends

Nightcralwer
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop W](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Night Griffon](</wiki/Night_Griffon> "Night Griffon")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Claws, Wings& Teeth](</wiki/Claws,_Wings_%26_Teeth> "Claws, Wings & Teeth")_

### Sealed in

_[Again? The Mysterious Transfer Student](</wiki/Again%3F_The_Mysterious_Transfer_Student> "Again? The Mysterious Transfer Student")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Lee Jang-won (이장원)

**Tigun** (타이건, _Taigeon_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He proclaims himself the strongest of the Wild Cardbots. Being sought by [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil"), he was surprisingly sealed by [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"). Hesitant about becoming friends at first, Tigun finally conceded from witnessing the cat Nightcrawler's bravery, and admit he wants to live a life without fighting all the time.

## History

## Appearance

Tigun is a white Cardbot with a tiger motif, specifically his head and on his chest, light-blue distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, black hands with claw-based fingers and white backhands, teal-green sections on the chest, shoulders, waist and shins, gold rims on the arms and feet, a black glacis plate on the back, and a tiger symbol on each side of the head. His vehicle form is a tank with a two-section turret, the top turret has his eyes, and the bottom contains the tank gun.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Growl Cannonaxe** (메탈카드 - 그라울 캐논액스, _Metal Kadeu - Geulaul Kaenonaegseu_): A pair of hand-held axes, each equipped with a tiger's face. They can also be mounted on the shoulders and used as howitzers. Tigun can also use the Cannonaxes to recharge himself through oil and electricity.
    * **Tiger Canonade** (타이거 캐노네이드, _Taigeo Kaenoneideu_): Fires green energy beams from the Growl Cannonaxe and the Cannon in Chest Cannon Mode.
    * **Growl Axetooth** (그라울 액스투스, _Geulaul Aegseutuseu_): A technique used in Axe Mode. Slams the opponent with the Growl Cannonaxes held in both hands with a green energy manifestation of a tiger head behind and the axes representing canine teeth.
  * **Cannon** : The modified tank gun from vehicle mode. It can convert based on its placement on Tigun: **Hand Cannon Mode** (핸드 캐논 모드, _Haendeu Kaenon Modeu_) when placed on the arm, and **Chest Cannon Mode** (체스트 캐논 모드, _Cheseuteu Kaenon Modeu_) when mounted on the thorax and a HUD panel flips up. The Cannon can be stored on Tigun's back when not in use.

## Trivia

  * Tigun's name is a portmanteau of "tiger" and "gun".
  * Tigun's appearance with his cannon placed on his chest is similar to the _Transformers_ character Warpath.
    * Also from the franchise, Tigun's color scheme is very similar to the _Beast Wars_ character Tigatron, particularly his shade of green accents.
  * Tigun is the official first Wild Cardbot Jun Grant sealed in the season.
