# Bloodwing

### Translations

🇰🇷 블러드윙

🇨🇳
🇯🇵 ブラッドウィング
🇷🇺 Бладвинг

## Traits

### Vehicle

Ambulance/Quadcopter Drone

### Metal Cards

Dark Slasher
Soul Ravager

### Color

White
Black
Red

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷

**Bloodwing** (블러드윙, _Beulleodeuwing_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He is known as the "Mysterious Vampire" among the Wild Cardbots.

## History

## Appearance

Bloodwing is a white Cardbot with a bat motif, notably his head and shoulders, gothic clothing elements that's reminiscent to a vampire, pink distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, white hands with claw-based fingers, red and black coloration throughout his body, a bat wing symbol on each side of the head, and two flaps with two turbine fans on his waist resembling a robe. His vehicle form is a medical ambulance van that's a hybrid of an H200 Toyota HiMedic [1] and a 2008 Nissan Elgrand; the ambulance also features an additional transformation: the side windows can unfold to transform it into a quadcopter drone with the wheels converting into rotors.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Dark Slasher** (메탈카드 - 다크 슬래셔, _Metal Kadeu - Dakeu Seullaesyeo_): Bat wing armor placed on Bloodwing's back. Can fold around the body in **Defense Mode** (디펜스 모드로도, _Dipenseu Modeulodo_).
  * **Metal Card - Soul Ravager** (메탈카드 - 소울 레비져, _Metal Kadeu - Soul Lebijyeo_): A bat head with a blade combines with the Soul Taker to form a scythe. The bat head can combine with the Dark Slasher to form a bat drone.
    * **Full Moon Slash** (풀 문 슬래시, _Pul Mun Seullaesi_)
  * **Soul Taker** (소울 테이커, _Soul Teikeo_) : A scepter that doubles as a rapier when wielded upside-down.

## Trivia

  * Bloodwing's name is a fusion of "blood" and "wing", which both relate to a vampire bat, a flying mammal that feeds on blood.
  * Bloodwing is the second Cardbot after [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler") to transform into an ambulance. However, Mega Ambler bore a closer resemblance to an armored military vehicle, whereas Blood Wing is a genuine civilian ambulance.
  * Bloodwing is based on the character Alucard/Dracula from the _Castlevania_ Netflix animated series.
