# Dexter

### Translations

🇰🇷 덱스터
🇨🇳 铁臂爵士
🇹🇼 荒掘鬥爪
🇯🇵デクスター
🇷🇺 Декстер

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Excavator

### Metal Cards

Dexter Drill

### Color

Yellow

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Guardian of the Forest](</wiki/Guardian_of_the_Forest> "Guardian of the Forest")_

### Sealed in

_[Operation Underground Battle](</wiki/Operation_Underground_Battle> "Operation Underground Battle")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Shin Yong-woo (신용우)
🇨🇳 段晨阳
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Никита Моисеев (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Игорь Тимохин (S)

**Dexter** (덱스터, _Degseuteo_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. Because he loves nature and life so much, he is merciless towards humans who try to destroy the planet's nature until he became more peaceful to humans after joining [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant").

## History

After taking refuge on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") after [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina")'s destruction, Dexter would spend most of his time skulking around [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown") and scaring off any humans he came across during foggy nights. Due to the mist, he was commonly mistaken for a dragon, and on occasion he would destroy any construction equipment he found in the area. One such instance caught the attention of Jun's group, who quickly went to investigate and later uncovered his true identity. While initially going after [Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo") due to his larger frame hindering his evasion methods, Dexter would later target Crest after he began sticking out for himself, but would later end up clashing with [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy"). The newcomer eventually took a shot at his face and wound up damaging his eyes, and after [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") entered the picture Dexter opted to flee, later evading Blue Cop by burrowing under a tunnel.

Following the incident, Dexter would spend the next few days tunneling underground, relying on his hearing to seek out his targets in lieu of his damaged eyesight. As such, he would pop out and deal with a disturbance before retreating underground, causing mass havoc in Mowtown. After tracking his location via sending a drone down his tunnels, the team would eventually find Dexter and confront him up close, with Jun first deploying [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X") to start the first attack. Dexter's underground dive strategy quickly turned the odds against the ninja Cardbot, but after piecing together his strategy Jun deployed [Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire") to overwhelm Dexter's auditory features while underground, forcing him above ground prematurely and placing him in the prime position for a ranged attack. After having [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler") disable his drill arm, Jun and Blue Cop later fired off an Infinity Force Break, allowing Jun to finally seal Dexter with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath").

Upon returning to [Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors"), Edo repaired Dexter's sense of sight, and the team later took him to a natural pocket within Mowtown to show Dexter that nature is still respected in the city.

## Appearance

Dexter is a yellow Cardbot with light-blue eyes, a hard hat-based head with a silver screw cap symbol on each side and binocular-based lenses on the forehead, a heavy armored body with an excavator arm on his back acting as a tail and a black plow shovel on the posterior, black sections on the torso, back and upper arms, black knee plates, red parts on the chest, hip and ankles, black hands with a yellow backhand, and black feet. His vehicle form is an excavator sporting four wheels instead of two treads and the plow shovel as the front bumper.

### Early designs

Since Dexter had an elongated head in his excavator form, director [Seoro Oh](</wiki/Seoro_Oh> "Seoro Oh") wanted to convey this in his robot form as well. It was later toned down to an appropriate amount in the final version. His "goggles" in his final design may have initially meant to be headlights, before being lost in communication between the director and the toy team.[1]

The emblem on the sides of his head was later removed.

Early designs for Dexter

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Dexter Drill** (메탈카드 - 덱스터 드릴, _Metal Kadeu - Degseuteo Deulil_): A translucent yellow colored drill gauntlet placed on either one of Dexter's arm.
    * **Spear Thrust** (스피어 슬러스트, _Seupieo Seulleoseuteu_): Dexter stabs the opponent with the spiraling Dexter Drill.
    * **Spiral Ray** (스파이럴 레이, _Seupaileol Lei_): Dexter's main ultimate technique, he fires a powerful beam from the Dexter Drill.
    * **Helix Sword** (헬릭스 소드, _Helligseu Sodeu_): Dexter gathers energy into the spiraling Dexter Drill and transforms the energy into a lance for attacks.
  * **Excavator Arm** : The vehicle form's shovel arm is placed on the posterior as a tail.

## Trivia

  * The Dexter set is tooled so that the Dexter Drill can only be mounted on the left arm, while in the show, he prominently uses it on his right arm. It would take until _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ for Dexter to use the Dexter Drill on his left arm.
