# Jun Grant

|  "Metal Cardbot, Set Up!" — Jun summoning his Cardbots. |

## Jun

  * W
  * S
  * S1

### Family

[Yuri](</wiki/Yuri> "Yuri") (mother)
[Johan](</wiki/Johan> "Johan") (father)

### Occupation

Elementary School Student

### Age

12-13

## Physical description

### Gender

Male

### Hair Colour

Neon Blue

### Eye-Colour

Azure

### Skin Colour

Light Fair Skin

## Relationships

### Friends

[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

### Metal Cardbots (In Order)

[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") (Self-Imprisoned)
[Tigun](</wiki/Tigun> "Tigun")
[Night Griffon](</wiki/Night_Griffon> "Night Griffon")

## Appearances

### Appears in

_[Mystery of the Police Car Robot!](</wiki/Mystery_of_the_Police_Car_Robot!> "Mystery of the Police Car Robot!")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Jang Yena
🇨🇳 刘洁
🇹🇼 楊雅淳
🇷🇺 Александр Запорожец
🇺🇸 Jun

**Jun Grant** (준 그랜트, _Jun Geulaenteu_) is the main protagonist of the _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_ series. An elementary school student who loves BMX, and also is very inquisitive and loves anything mysterious and exciting. Together with Blue Cop, they manage to summon the Metal Cardbots and solve any mysteries and problems happening around them.[1]

## Appearance

Jun has fair skin, barely visible freckles, unkempt blue hair and azure blue eyes, and wears his Metal Breath on his left arm.

In _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_ , he wears a red hoodie with wide, flat, white drawstrings. Over top of it he wears a medium blue jacket with a zipper, navy cuffs, and white pockets with button closures. Its sleeves have two white stripes that turn outward to create a circular shape on each of the upper arms. His legwear is cuffed navy jeans. His high-top sneakers are red with blue accents, white rubber soles, and yellow shoelaces.

In _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ , his mother [Yuri](</wiki/Yuri> "Yuri") picks out a new outfit for him. He wears a black and red t-shirt with its top and bottom halves separated by a thin cyan stripe. Over top of it he wears a medium blue cropped button jacket with a large white stripe across its torso, two thin stripes running down each arm, and red cuffs. He wears a single fingerless glove with a lightning bolt symbol, his legwear is cuffed black jeans, and his sneakers are a similar style to his _Metal Cardbot_ outfit's but primarily navy with cyan lightning bolts, red heels, white rubber soles and yellow shoelaces.

## Personality

Jun is very expressive, easy to anger and prone to mood swings. He maintains thrill and excitement on his journeys, displaying extroversion around many of his comrades and classmates. Any mystery arouses him, and, with his team of Metal Cardbots, he'll debunk whatever it is. His reputation is strong and weak as in some cases, he is easy-going, and sometimes abnormal in his classmates eyes, which is why his reputation is a flux. He is usually on a whim; he acts before speaking and barely thinks ahead. Never has he thought of his Metal Cardbots as his subordinate, only as his friends.

## Metal/Wild Cardbot Collection

### Jun's Metal Breath

  * [Blue Cop / Blue Cop S / Blue Cop W](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
    * Ultimate Blue Cop
    * Blue Cop Trinity
  * [Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
  * [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
  * [Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
  * [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
  * [Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
  * [Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
  * [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
  * [Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
  * [Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
  * [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
  * [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
  * [Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
  * [Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
  * [Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
  * [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") (Imprisoned)
  * [Tigun](</wiki/Tigun> "Tigun")
  * [Night Griffon](</wiki/Night_Griffon> "Night Griffon")

### Mukara's Metal Breath (Formerly)

  * [Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
  * [Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
  * [Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
  * [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
  * [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
  * [Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
  * [Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")

## Relationships

### Humans

#### Anna

Jun has an obvious crush on her, blushing around her and gets crushed when she doesn't believe in him. Sometimes he does things to impress her, and it often goes unnoticed. Anna does carry respect and care for Jun's well-being as she lured [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook"), [Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon"), and [Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush") away from Jun's home so he could rest [[src]](</wiki/Anna%27s_Metal_Breath> "Anna's Metal Breath").

#### Teo

Back when Teo was friendless, after he joined the school for the first time, Jun was the one who managed to reach him and quickly made him feel welcomed. Since then, they have become close friend. However, over time, Teo feels more like a brother to Jun—and even expresses worry when Anna tells Jun, Teo was abducted by [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler"). They often chats, supports and talks with him regarding Metal Cardbot stuff or general stuff.

#### Edo

Jun Grant’s relationship with Edo in _Metal Cardbot_ begins with tension, as Jun is initially suspicious of Edo’s intentions. However, this dynamic shifts when Jun risks revealing his identity to save Edo after he’s injured, showing that Jun values Edo’s safety over secrecy. This act of vulnerability marks a turning point in their bond, suggesting a growing trust. Later, following a dispute between Wild Guardy and Blue Cop, Crest allows Jun to seal Wild Guardy—an event that indirectly reflects Jun’s maturing leadership and the respect he’s earned, possibly influenced by his evolving relationship with Edo. While not as emotionally charged as Jun’s crush on Anna or his brotherly bond with Teo, his connection with Edo adds nuance to Jun’s journey from impulsiveness to responsibility

#### Crest

Crest and Jun had an unstable relationship at the beginning due to Jun's suspicion [[src]](</wiki/The_Mysterious_Transfer_Student> "The Mysterious Transfer Student"). Though, it was shown that Jun would risk revealing his identity to save Crest when Crest was injured [[src]](</wiki/Guardian_of_the_Forest> "Guardian of the Forest"). Though after Wild Guardy and Blue Cop's dispute, and in the victory of Blue Cop, Crest let Jun seal Wild Guardy.

#### Peruru

### Cardbots

#### Blue Cop

#### Mega Trucker

#### Mega Ambler

#### Phoenix Fire

#### Shadow X

#### Dexter

#### Fleta Z

#### Wild Guardy

#### Buffalo Crush

#### Buster Gallon

#### Black Hook

#### Heavy Iron

#### Cielo

#### Musclehyde

#### Glober

#### Rock Crush

#### Red Blitz

#### Deep Bite

#### Blastrain

#### Gigantrex

#### Sky Gallop

#### Spark Bit

#### Flash Vector

#### Flame Nova

## Trivia
