# Soleil

  * Now
  * Past

### Family

[Leia Cayenne](</wiki/Leia_Cayenne> "Leia Cayenne") (creator/mother)
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") (genetic template/twin brother)

### Age

12-13

## Physical description

### Gender

Female

### Hair Colour

Turquoise

### Eye-Colour

Amber

### Skin Colour

Light fair skin

## Relationships

### Metal Cardbots (In Order)

[Blaion](</wiki/Blaion> "Blaion")
[Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite") (Returned to Jun Grant)
[Solidhorn](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn")

## Appearances

### Debut

[Era of Change](</wiki/Era_of_Change> "Era of Change")

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Bohee Lee (이보희)
🇨🇳
🇷🇺
🇺🇸

**Soleil** (솔레이유, _Solleiyu_) is a new character in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. She is a mysterious girl and the twin sister of [Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest"). Her current goal is to collect the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") taking refuge on Earth for her mother, who plans to create a vaccine against the Wild Cardbots' Beast Virus pathogen. After [Heavy Iron's](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron") betrayal, Soleil revealed herself to be an android modified with the Wild Cardbot's Metal Breath.

## Appearance

Soleil is a young girl with pale skin, yellow eyes, and turquoise hair in a bob cut. She wears grey tights with a lighter grey dress over top, black knee-high boots, and an orange and yellow vest.

Soleil's original appearance was a legless white droid with arms, light-blue optics, a head stylized as a rocket ship, and orange-yellow coloration on the torso.

Like [Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru"), Soleil wields her own [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") with a hexagonal design and both orange and turquoise coloration.

## Personality

Unlike Jun or Peruru, who are both energetic and friendly, Soleil is a lot more quiet, demure, and rigid. While capable of civil conversation, she does not actively seek friendship and is much more mission-oriented, to the point that even Crest felt more flexible in spite of his calculating behavior. Quite notably, Soliel is the first Metal Breath user to use the device's ability to force a Cardbot's obedience, something neither Jun, Peruru, or Mukara ever used due to finding it abhorrent.

## Wild Cardbot Collection

  * [Blaion](</wiki/Blaion> "Blaion")
  * [Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet")
  * [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite") (Abducted / Returned to Jun Grant)
  * [Solidhorn](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn")

## Relationships

### Humans

### Cardbots

\-

## Trivia
