# Metal Cardbots

[](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/c/c1/Metal_Cardbots.png/revision/latest?cb=20250614014250>) [](</wiki/File:Metal_Cardbots.png>)

Season 1 & 2 Cardbots (minus [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova"))

The **Metal Cardbots** (메탈카드봇, _Metal Kadeubos_) are the titular lifeforms of the _Metal Cardbot_ franchise. One of two sentient transforming robot races from the deceased planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), the Metal Cardbots were scattered across the universe following the destruction of their home planet, with a good number of them taking refuge on the planet [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth").

For a list of known Metal Cardbots, see their [Category](</wiki/Category:Metal_Cardbots> "Category:Metal Cardbots") page.

## Ecology

The Metal Cardbots are large mechanical lifeforms, made of [Machinasium](</wiki/Machinasium> "Machinasium"), resembling living beings rather than mere machines; they experiencing hunger, fatigue, and sleep. By nature, the physical stature of any Cardbot is much bulkier than a human's, though depending on the individual, some Metal Cardbots are more lithe and slender or stocky and wide, and they are usually 1 1/2 stories tall at minimum and maxing out at around 2-3 stories in height. All Metal Cardbots are able to transform into vehicles that can be used by humans, though the specific purpose for this is currently unknown.

Despite their unique features among the masses, Metal Cardbots share common traits: a humanoid transformation, a faceplate on the lower face ranging from white to medium gray, black or white humanoid hands consisting of five digits (four fingers and one thumb) each, and a symbol on their auditory system. Their eyes are LED-based and come in one of three colors: light-blue, green, and yellow; they also possess LED lights on their vehicle forms' windshields. Their bodies, though complex, are repairable with Earth-made parts by mechanics like [Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo"). When injured, they feel pain and self-repair via internal nanomachines, though external assistance or energy replenishment is often needed. They bleed a light green, slightly viscous liquid with hexagonal patterns, seemingly an energy byproduct.

These machine-organisms do not digest or excrete, but they require energy to function, much like humans need food. They absorb energy through various parts of their bodies, using fuel inlets similar to Earth's vehicles. [Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush") consumes electricity directly through his faceplate, while [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz") absorbs it via his fingertips. They can use any energy source—gasoline, electricity, methane—without distinction and even perceive taste, as [Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z") described methane as having an "indescribable" flavor. Consuming large amounts of energy enhances their strength, as seen with [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook") and [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex"), but an overdose of energy can cause a Metal Cardbot to run wild and cause havoc. They also struggle with energy costs. Unable to earn money on Earth, they previously stole energy from human facilities or used methane from landfills. Currently, Edo funds their recharges, but these expenses are driving them to financial ruin.

The Metal Cardbots' thought processes and emotions mirror those of humans, with unique personalities and varying intelligence. They can quickly adapt to Earth's culture due to advanced machine learning. When a strong bond is forged they can sense their friend telepathically, as can humans. Their lifespan far exceeds that of humans, measuring at least several thousand years, possibly limitless.

All Metal Cardbots are capable of being sealed by the [Metal Breaths](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath"), devices created by [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina") to strengthen the race's relations with other species and cultures. This process seals the Metal Cardbots into [Metal Cards](</wiki/Metal_Cards> "Metal Cards"), small rectangular panels that contain the Metal Cardbot's essence, bodies, and consciousness. When a Metal Card is added to a Metal Breath's inventory the Metal Cardbot is able to communicate via audio or hologram, when stored outside (such as in the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") or the _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_), they are completely inert until an outside force intervenes. Inserting a selected Metal Card into a Metal Breath unseals the Cardbot within and essentially releases them.

Another species-wide part of the Metal Cardbots is their Metal Card Weapons; personalized equipment which transforms from a card shape that attaches to a sealed Metal Cardbot's Metal Card and is equipped after unsealing. These weapons allow a Metal Cardbot to use special attack abilities that the vast majority of the species otherwise lacks. As the Metal Breaths are only capable of having one card inserted at a time, their human leader can only have one Metal Cardbot equipped with their Metal Card Weapon at a time, though this does not apply to unsealed allies, and others belonging to the same Metal Breath are free to use traditional weapons. It is possible for a Metal Cardbot's Metal Card Weapon to change alongside the owner's form changes, as seen with [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop").

## Trivia

  * Initially, the series presented the Metal Cardbots' vehicle modes as newly adopted disguises following their exodus from Machina's destruction, similarly to _Transformers_. This was eventually phased out in later episodes, and by the second season it was firmly established that the Cardbots by nature have vehicle modes based on Human-made machinery despite having no known contact with the planet prior to Machina's destruction.
