# Spark Bit

### Translations

🇰🇷 스파크비트
🇨🇳 拳霸比特
🇹🇼 疾焰閃電
🇯🇵 スパークビット
🇷🇺 Спарк Бит

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") (formerly)
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

### Role on Machina

Strongest Boxer on Machina (self-proclaimed)

## Traits

### Vehicle

Lambrogini Centanario

### Metal Cards

Destroy Gloves

### Color

Yellow
Lime-Green
Dark-Brown

## Relationships

### Friends

[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector") (elder brother)
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") (enthraller)
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Exclusive! Steel Interview](</wiki/Exclusive!_Steel_Interview> "Exclusive! Steel Interview")_

### Sealed in

_[The Return of Steel](</wiki/The_Return_of_Steel> "The Return of Steel")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Shin-woo Kim (김신우)
🇹🇼 楊士賢
🇷🇺 Никита Крахмалёв

**Spark Bit** (스파크비트, _Seupakeu Biteu_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and one of the [Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a spotlight-seeking/boxing Cardbot with a superiority complex and a duo with his elder brother [Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector") currently seeking the last Star Guardian [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"). His desire to follow the strongest lead to both him and Flash Vector going berserk from Flame Nova implanting Cosmic Stones in their bodies. Spark Bit was saved by the combined might of Jun and Peruru's Cardbots, leading to Peruru sealing Spark Bit in Mukara's Metal Breath. After the final battle for the _Speranza_ , both brothers joined Peruru's Cardbots to atone for their misgivings.

## History

On the Planet Machina, Spark Bit lives for the thirst of battle. He crossed paths with Flash Vector and fought him as the sun set, each combatant unyielding. After they both dealt a final blow to one another, Spark Bit fell first followed by Flash Vector, accepting his loss and chose to acknowledge Flash Vector as his elder brother, which the latter accepted. The brothers joined the other Cardbots on the exodus of Machina as the planet was destroyed, later finding their way to the planet Earth.

## Appearance

Spark Bit is a yellow Cardbot with a boxer/martial artist motif, a dark-brown headgear-style head with a hair-shaped dome scalp, green eyes, a lime-green circle with a spark symbol engraved on each side, a dark-brown/gray torso with yellow/lime-green/white sections and a tail fin-style crest on the chest, yellow shoulders with car doors as armor, gray upper arms, dark-brown forearms with white wrist wrapping-style parts and outer car fender as gauntlets, black hands, yellow hip with a black dojo belt-style plate, gray upper legs with black crests, yellow lower legs with dark-brown coloring, a partial black shin and half a yellow/lime-green tail fin on each knee, black calves, black feet with toe-style frame and a lime-green base, and his vehicle form's inverted hood is stored on the back, which can act as a thruster to assist in aerial maneuver. His vehicle form is a sports car modelled on the Lamborghini Centenario with a blown diffuser on the back.

After being corrupted with a Cosmic Stone before being saved, Spark Bit gains glowing web-green circuit lines throughout his body, his pupils disappear, and the Cosmic Stone inserted to his left shoulder grew and spread down to his chest with glowing indigo circuit lines.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Destroy Glove** (메탈카드 - 데스트로이 글로브, _Metal Kadeu - Deseuteuloi Geullobeu_): A pair of glove-style jagged gauntlets Spark Bit wears on his arms.
    * **Sparking Force Knuckle** (스파킹 포스 너클, _Seupaking Poseu Neokeul_): Spark Bit charges electric energy into the Destroy Gloves to rush at the enemy and deliver rapid punches followed by a heavy punch. According to Flash Vector, this is a technique that unleashes 600 punches per second, and the punches are so fast that they leave afterimages.
    * **Sparking Hammer** (스파킹 해머, _Seupaking Haemeo_): Spark Bit charges electric energy into the Destroy Gloves and brings both gauntlets down in a hard strike against the opponent.
    * **Gravity Punch** (그래비티 펀치, _Geulaebiti Peonchi_): An unknown technique.
  * **Spark Baton** (스파크바톤, _Seupakeu Baton_): Three rods connected to form a three-sectioned staff, which can attach to the posterior as a tail when Spark Bit wields the Destroy Gloves. While present in the set, the Spark Baton was never utilize in the show.

## Trivia

  * Spark Bit's color scheme, hair-style head and technique with his Metal Card weapon are reminiscent to the character Dio Brando from the manga and anime _JoJo's Bizarre Adventure_.
    * With the Spark Baton attack to the posterior and his Destroy Gloves on, Spark Bit bears a resemblance to the Monkey King Sun Wukong, protagonist of the classic Chinese novel _Journey to the West_.
  * After Blue Cop, Spark Bit is the second Cardbot to have a Lamborghini-modeled vehicle mode.
