# Buffalo Crush

### Translations

🇰🇷 버팔로크러쉬
🇨🇳 暴烈重卡
🇹🇼 巨擎狂牛
🇷🇺 Буффало Краш
🇯🇵 バッファロークラッシュ
🇮🇩 Buffalo Crusher

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Black Hook Crew](</wiki/Black_Hook_Crew> "Black Hook Crew")
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

### Role on Machina

Outlaw (Formerly)

## Traits

### Vehicle

Monster Truck

### Metal Cards

Buffalo Plate

### Color

Magenta

## Relationships

### Friends

[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Yuri](</wiki/Yuri> "Yuri")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[The Hungry Metal Cardbot](</wiki/The_Hungry_Metal_Cardbot> "The Hungry Metal Cardbot")_

### Sealed in

_[Goodbye, Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Goodbye,_Buffalo_Crush> "Goodbye, Buffalo Crush")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Seo Won-seok (서원석)
🇹🇼 楊士賢
🇷🇺 Дмитрий Поляновский (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко (S)

**Buffalo Crush** (버팔로크러쉬, _Beopallo Keuleoswi_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is a member of the Black Crew until he was changed by Jun Grant's mother.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), he was a friend of [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")'s and a member of his [pirate crew](</wiki/Black_Hook_Crew> "Black Hook Crew"). He arrived on Earth in an escape pod later than Black Hook, and sustained an injury upon landing that caused him to lose fluid and grow hungry at an alarming rate.

## Appearance

Buffalo Crush is a magenta Cardbot with a Viking motif, green eyes, a gold medal on the forehead with a piece extending over the head's left side and a dark-grey circle latch symbol on each side, dark-gray upper arms and upper legs, gold plating with a chain-shaped border around each forearm, white hands with gray fingers, a large wheel on each shoulder, neon-green sections on the faceplate, shoulders, torso, legs and wheel rims, a white two-barreled exhaust pipe on each leg, dark-gray portions on each shin, and dark-gray feet with three extensions resembling toes. His vehicle form is a Monster Truck/pickup truck hybrid.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Buffalo Plate** (메탈카드 - 버팔로 플레이트, _Metal Kadeu - Beopallo Peulleiteu_): A buffalo head-framed translucent lime colored armor plate placed on Buffalo Crush's chest.
    * **Buffalo Moonsault** (버팔로 문설트, _Beopallo Munseolteu_): Buffalo Crush's main ultimate move, he jumps high and crushes the opponent from the rotating aura manifestation from the Buffalo Plate. As the name suggests, the posture when casting is exactly like a moonsault press.
    * **Buffalo Vision** (버팔로 비전, _Beopallo Bijeon_): Buffalo Crush fires red laser beams from the eyes of ​​the Buffalo Plate.
  * **Bone Chopper & Heart Lander** (본 쵸파 & 하트 랜더, _Bon Chyopa & Hateu Laendeo_): A pair of axes that Buffalo Crush wields that can be used for melee combat and to generate green energy slashes.
    * **Tomahawk Crush** (토마호크 크러쉬, _Tomahokeu Keuleoswi_): Buffalo Crush throws both Bone Chopper and Heart Lander at his opponents boomerang-style.
