# Blaion

### Translations

🇰🇷 블레이온

🇨🇳
🇯🇵 ブレイオン
🇷🇺 Блейон

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

Blaion's Tribe (Sole Survivor)
[Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil")
[Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet")
[Solidhorn](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Water Ladder Fire Engine

### Metal Cards

Roar Gauntlet

### Color

Red

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Era of Change](</wiki/Era_of_Change> "Era of Change")_

### Sealed in

_[Wild Cardbot's Roar](</wiki/Wild_Cardbot%27s_Roar> "Wild Cardbot's Roar")_ (Off-screen)

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Park Sung-tae (박성태)

**Blaion** (블레이온, _Beulleion_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He is known as the "Lion of Flames", the sole survivor of his tribe, and accompanies the android [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil"), who was chosen by the Metal Breath, with the wish to become the bridge to coexistence between humans and Wild Cardbots.

Alternate form:

  * **[Grand Bluleon](</wiki/Grand_Bluleon> "Grand Bluleon")** (그랑블루레온, _Geulang Beulluleon_)

## History

## Appearance

Blaion is a red Cardbot with a lion motif, notably his head, faceplate, and a lion symbol on his chest, light-blue distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, black hands with claw-based fingers, flame patterns on his shoulders and head, white sections on the arms, torso and upper legs, a long flap with a chartreuse line on the waist, black sections on the shoulders and lower legs, and an exhaust pipe with a red flame symbol on each side of the head. His vehicle form is a fire engine with a water gun/ladder hybrid on the roof.

Blaion's back wields a golden wing-style plate with a red crystal in the center that's a relic passed down between members of his tribe.

## Personality

Compared to Blue Cop, Blaion gives of much more serious vibe, similar to Soleil. However, Blaion’s actually a very kind and loyal friend, as seen when he puts himself directly in harm’s way to protect Soleil. Just like Blue Cop and Jun, Blaion deeply cares for all of the Wild Cardbots and wants them to live on earth, by coexisting with both humans and Metal Cardbots, for a better future for all of them.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Roar Gauntlet** (메탈카드 - 로어 건틀렛, _Metal Kadeu - Loeo Geonteulles_): A lion head gauntlet mounted on as Blaion's left arm while his original one is placed on his left leg. The gauntlet can convert between two modes: the default **Omega Mode** (오메가 모드, _Omega Modeu_) fist, and the **Blaze Mode** (블레이즈 모드, _Beulleijeu Modeu_) with a retractable blade.
    * **Fire Roar Blaze** (파이어 로어 블레이즈, _Paieo Loeo Beulleijeu_): A flame slash from the Blaze Mode's blade encased in flames. When cast, the blade's flames form the silhouette of a lion's head.
    * **Omega Heat Flame** (오메가 히트 플레임, _Omega Hiteu Peulleim_): A high-temperature blast of flames from the Roar Gauntlet in Omega Mode.
    * **Leo Roar Shot** (레오 로어 샷, _Leo Loeo Syas_): A technique that generates and launch fireballs from the Roar Gauntlet.
  * **Ladder Shot** (래더 샷, _Laedeo Syas_): Blaion's ladder splits into a pair of cannons, which can shoot powerful flame shots, mounted on both arms.

## Trivia

  * Blaion's name is a portmanteau of "blaze" and "lion".
  * Blaion is the third Metal Cardbot to be themed after a fire engine, like [Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire") and [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova"). However, both prior Cardbots were specifically based on airport crash tenders, and while Blaion shares some of those elements, he is overall based more on a civilian fire engine.
    * Blaion's robot form appears as an amalgamation of both Phoenix Fire and Flame Nova's appearances.
  * His lion feature and vehicle form is similar to that of the mecha Boonboom Leo Rescue from Super Sentai's _Bakuage Sentai Boonboomger_ series.
  * He is the first Cardbot to already be sealed by a [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") by the time he makes his debut ([Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") did not have a Metal Breath on his person while he had custody of [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy"), whereas the [_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew") had to be re-sealed by Jun, and [Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru") would not have control over them until she got Mukara's Metal Breath back from him).
  * For some reason, the first eight episodes of _Metal Cardbot W_ showed Blaion's eyes being green in vehicle mode. In the ninth episode, his eyes became light-blue to match his robot form's and the set.
