# Heavy Iron

  * W (S3)
  * (S1)

### Translations

🇰🇷 헤비아이언
🇨🇳 玄铁战神
🇹🇼 重鐵先鋒
🇯🇵 ヘビアイオン
🇷🇺 Хэви Айрон

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors") (formerly)
[Solidhorn](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn") (short alliance)

### Role on Machina

Outlaw (formerly)

## Traits

### Vehicle

1970 Semi-Truck & Trailer (S1)
Cab-Over Type Tractor Truck & Trailer (W)

### Metal Cards

Iron Armor (S1)
Iron Dragon, Iron Wings, Iron Tail (W)

### Color

Silver/Crimson-Red/Indigo-dye/Black

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Attack of the Final Boss!](</wiki/Attack_of_the_Final_Boss!> "Attack of the Final Boss!")_ (S1)
_[Power& Division](</wiki/Power_%26_Division> "Power & Division")_ (W)

### Sealed in

_[The Final Battle](</wiki/The_Final_Battle> "The Final Battle")_ (S1)

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Choi Han (최한)
🇨🇳 李浩飞
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Дмитрий Поляновский (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко (S)

**Heavy Iron** (헤비아이언, _Hebi Aieon_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and a former major antagonist in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is a notorious outlaw in the universe with incredible strength and destructive power that overwhelms all Metal Cardbots. He plotted to conquer Earth and terraform it to his homeworld Machina using the [Star Crown](</wiki/Star_Crown> "Star Crown") he stole from [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook") until he was defeated by [Ultimate Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") and entrusted [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") the Cardbots' future.

In the third season _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , Heavy Iron betrayed his comrades and infected himself with the Beast Virus from [Solidhorn's](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn") Weapon Card, reformatting himself into **Heavy Iron W** (헤비아이언W, _Hebi Aieon Waildeu_) and becoming a Wild Cardbot carrier. After testing his new power, he formed an alliance with Solidhorn and plotted to conquer Motown City, which ultimately failed by the arrival of [Grand Bluleon](</wiki/Grand_Bluleon> "Grand Bluleon"), leading to Solidhorn being sealed while Heavy Iron escaped and wanting to test his power more.

## History

On the Planet Machina, Heavy Iron was amongst the strongest of his kind and eventually became the most infamous outlaw on his planet, with his notoriety spreading beyond the universe. As such, all Cardbots regularly avoided him, and even Deus Machina left him alone. He even crossed paths with the pirate [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook") and stole one of latter's treasures: the [Star Crown](</wiki/Star_Crown> "Star Crown"). On the eve of Machina's destruction, Heavy Iron joined the other Cardbots in their exodus as the planet explodes. His pod was somehow merged with space debris along its path to the planet Earth, rendering it as a meteorite.

During the voyage through space, Heavy Iron's pod would enter Earth's atmosphere, almost destroying [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown") on impact were it not for the Cardbots sealed in the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") on Earth generating a shield. After touching down, Heavy Iron broke out of the pod, but was separated from his trailer and unable to transform. As he roamed around town in search of it, [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")'s team of Cardbots would find his trailer, and opted to bury it in a tunnel so he couldn't get to it and become more of a threat than he already was. Unfortunately, Heavy Iron intercepted them before they could make it, and despite facing 4 Cardbots while handicapped the galactic outlaw plowed through all of them with no effort. After he regained his trailer and by extension his robot form, Heavy Iron continued to take down the other Cardbots, who only escaped thanks to [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy") giving [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") an opening via a surprise attack. This sequences of attacks forced Heavy Iron to retreat to lick his wounds, though he swore to finish the job once he fully healed.

Heavy Iron would eventually take refuge at the [Mowtown Landfill](</wiki/Mowtown_Landfill> "Mowtown Landfill"), subsisting on the methane gas from the open garbage heaps. While having a silent resting session, the peace would be shattered by Black Hook, who also fled Machina's destruction, aiming to retake the star crown. The giant Cardbots would eventually get into a scuffle that exposed the presense of Jun's group of allies, who had tracked Heavy Iron for the purpose of sealing him. Momentarily putting aside their current feud, Heavy Iron and Black Hook would attack the intruding parties and eventually split up, with Heavy Iron aiming to get revenge on Blue Cop, which extended to Wild Guardy once the other Cardbot showed himself. Black Hook would revoke the alliance upon witnessing him attempt to destroy the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") and it's wielder, and after the giant Cardbots fired their respective cannon attacks, everyone would leave the site of the battle, while Heavy Iron instead just fumed in the smoke.

Eventually having enough interruptions, Heavy Iron activated the star crown and started terraforming Earth into a second Machina, starting with a giant [Machinasium](</wiki/Machinasium> "Machinasium") dome in the landfill site. This attracted the attention of everyone nearby, and after shooting down an investigating [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X"), Heavy Iron began systematically beating down all of Jun's available Cardbots using the Star Crown's power. After a prolonged struggle after Jun activating Ultimate Blue Cop thanks to the forbidden power, Heavy Iron was defeated and sealed.

Although Heavy Iron had begun reintegrating with the other Cardbots, he still largely kept to himself and maintained a sour attitude, often butting heads with fellow former outlaw Black Hook to the point that they have clashed with each other several times.

Like the rest of Jun's non-primary Cardbots, Heavy Iron was sealed within the Metal Breath when [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz"), who recently awoke and mistook Jun's Metal Breath for Mukara's, teleported the device via his [Organizer](</wiki/Organizer> "Organizer") to the currently sunken _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_ , essentially trapping Heavy Iron and the rest of Jun's Cardbots underwater with no way out.

During the final battle against [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova"), Jun would recover his original Metal Breath and bolster the group's current fighting force with much needed reinforcements. Heavy Iron would tackle Flame Nova himself with Black Hook, and despite the disgraced Star Guardian empowering himself with a [Cosmic Stone](</wiki/Cosmic_Stone> "Cosmic Stone"), his power combined with the other Cardbots overpowered the traitor and put an end to his imperialistic scheme.

## Appearance

### _Metal Cardbot_

Heavy Iron is a multi-colored Cardbot with crimson-red/indigo-dye/silver/black coloration throughout his body; he sports a massive build, a black head with four crimson-red crest extensions, yellow eyes (he is the sole Cardbot with the ability to conceal his pupils, giving his fully yellow eyes a more menacing look), crimson-red/indigo-dye shoulders with silver shoulder armor extensions, black upper arms, crimson-red/black forearms with silver/black gauntlets, black hands with silver fingers, silver/indigo-dye torso with a crimson-red crest, a black/indigo-dye back with booster vents, black hip and upper legs with a small gold buckle, silver folded flaps and crimson-red strips, silver lower legs with crimson-red knee extensions spanning down the shin with a gold/black base, indigo-dye flaps with a gold portions spanning from the outer leg and down the heel, black calves, and crimson-red feet with a black center. His vehicle form is a 1970 semi-truck with a trailer; the trailer forms Heavy Iron's arms and legs while the semi cab forms the main body and head. His body briefly sprouted purple crystals when he wielded the Star Crown. He is the tallest Cardbot in season 1.

### _Metal Cardbot W_

After being reformatted by the Beast Virus, Heavy Iron's body is far more slender while retaining the massive build. His shoulder armor have been replaced with shoulder-mounted cannons, his hands turn completely black with claw-based fingers and a silver backhand, and he contains dragon-based features throughout his body, notably the shoulders and chest. His vehicle form is remodified to a distinguished cab-over type semi-truck that's multi-purpose and off-road capable with a trailer. His body also contains glowing purple circuit lines, specifically on the Iron Dragon head, the Heavy Gun Sword/Iron Tail, and his legs.

### Early designs

Unlike many other Cardbots, Heavy Iron's design was not changed much from what the toy team created. However, the visor featured in early designs was later removed, since his pupils were not visible. Director [Seoro Oh](</wiki/Seoro_Oh> "Seoro Oh") explained that his design balances the eyeless "hero" designs of other mecha shows with the cold villainous personality he exhibits throughout the show.[1]

An early head design for Heavy Iron[2].

## Arsenal & Techniques

### Heavy Iron

  * **Metal Card - Iron Armor** (메탈카드 - 아이언 아머, _Metal Kadeu - Aieon Ameo_): A translucent indigo colored boomerang-shaped armor with solid red sections placed on Heavy Iron's torso.
    * **Iron Cannon** (아이언 캐논, _Aieon Kaenon_): Heavy Iron's main ultimate technique, he generates and fires a powerful energy beam from the Iron Armor.
    * **Heavy Buster Cannon** (헤비 버스터 캐논, _Hebi Beoseuteo Kaenon_): Heavy Iron's enhanced ultimate technique, he generates and fires a destructive energy beam from the Iron Armor. While first used while supercharged with the Star Crown, the attack in it's base state is still a force to be reckoned with, overpowering even a Cosmic Stone-enhanced Flame Nova's Prominence Cannon.
  * **Iron Sword** (아이언 소드, _Aieon Sodeu_): A wrist blade with a barrel on each of Heavy Iron's arms.
  * **Iron Machine Gun** (아이언 머신건, _Aieon Meosin Geon_): The exhaust port configured guns mounted on each of Heavy Iron's shoulder.

### Heavy Iron W

  * **Metal Card - Iron Dragon** (메탈카드 - 아이언 드래곤, _Metal Kadeu - Aieon Deulaegon_): A dragon head armor placed on Heavy Iron's torso and the enhanced form of the Iron Armor. It can be used to grapple with opponents through biting, and launch fireballs.
    * **Heavy Dragon Breath** (헤비드래곤 브레스, _Hebi Deulaegon Beuleseu_): The enhanced version of the Heavy Buster Cannon. Charges the Iron Dragon with both its panels and Irons to generate a powerful crimson and blue flamed energy beam.
  * **Metal Card - Iron Wings** (메탈카드 - 아이언 윙즈, _Metal Kadeu - Aieon Wingjeu_): A pair of wings mounted on the back. They can be used as boosters for flight.
  * **Metal Card - Iron Tail** (메탈카드 - 아이언 테일, _Metal Kadeu - Aieon Teil_): A tail-based blade portion that can be used in tandem with the Heavy Gun Sword, and can also combine with the Heavy Gun Sword at the handle to form a naginata-style weapon. Heavy Iron can create crimson energy manifestations of a dragon's jaw with the Iron Tail and the Heavy Gun Sword.
  * **Heavy Gun Sword** (헤비 건소드, _Hebi Geon Sodeu_): A greatsword that replaces the Iron Sword. Like the Blue Gun Sword, it can transform between Sword Mode for close-quarter combat, and Gun Mode for long-range attacks.
  * **Iron Shoulder Cannon** (아이언 숄더 캐논, _Aieon Syoldeo Kaenon_): A cannon built into the binders on both shoulders, which are transformed from the trailer's wheels. It fires powerful shots in conjunction with the Dragon Armor, and can be used as shields.
  * **Vulcans** : Two vulcan firearms modified from the vehicle mode's exhaust pipe.

### Former Arsenal

  * **[Star Crown](</wiki/Star_Crown> "Star Crown")** (스타 크라운, _Seuta Keulaun_): A five-pronged crown made of the alloy [Machinasium](</wiki/Machinasium> "Machinasium"). It enhanced Heavy Iron's powers, generated Machinasium crystals on his body, Iron Armor and Iron Swords, and possess terraforming properties. It was destroyed by Blue Cop's Infinity Force Mega Volt Punch technique.
    * **Crown Finger Beam** (크라운 핑거 빔, _Keulaun Pinggeo Bim_): Heavy Iron generates and fires crimson energy beams from all fingers.
    * **Star Barrier** (스타 배리어, _Seuta Baelieo_): The Star Crown generates a defensive shield made of Machinasium energy around Heavy Iron.

## Toys

  * The Heavy Iron toy was released in May of 2023. It only has one Iron Sword while the show had two.
  * The Jumpgo Chinese version released in October 2023 has darker blue clear plastic than the Korean release. (Product number: 8112)
  * Jumpgo Heavy Iron would be re-released with his Beast Energy elephant that replaces his card weapon. (Product number: 8125)
  * A chrome gold and black limited edition version based on his powered form in the Beast Energy show was released in Mainland China. He also comes with Buster Gallon's beast energy cobra in red commemorating the Year of the Snake. It is reportedly limited to 2,015 units and each comes with a numbered plastic card. (Product number: 8139)
  * A Heavy Iron buildable figure is 1 of 8 in a blind-box set produced by Sembo Block for Mainland China in 2024, which would be also be released in Korea as Random Blocks in August 2025. He has both his swords!
  * A metallic version of the Heavy Iron buildable figure was released in a special Gold Ultimate Bluecop 6-pack set.
  * A chibi/SD Heavy Iron buildable figure is 1 of 9 in the Stardust assortment of assembly figures produced by Sembo Block.
  * Heavy Iron W is set for release likely by Winter 2025.

## Trivia

  * Heavy Iron was given his name because he "looked heavy :)"[3]
  * His design and concept appears slightly similar to the Autobot leader Optimus Prime from the _Transformers_ franchise.
    * His transformation scheme bears similarities to the Power master variant of Optimus Prime, A.K.A Super Ginrai from the same franchise, specifically the _Titans Return_ figure due to its lack of a core robot (trailer becomes arms and legs, cab becomes head and torso).
  * In the series, the Iron Armor's translucent components are depicted as dark-blue, with the Iron Swords as a lighter shade. In the original Korean release of the Heavy Iron set, both are cast in light-blue, while the Chinese release casts both in a darker blue.
  * Due to not joining until the very end of the first season, Heavy Iron never received any stock footage Set-Up sequence as with the other Season 1 Cardbots. As such, the _[Energy Beast](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot:_Beast_Energy> "Metal Cardbot: Beast Energy")_ Chinese spin-off had to animate their own sequence from scratch (which is quite rough on close inspection). It wasn't until the end of _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ that Heavy Iron would receive a proper stock footage sequence by the show's primary studio.
  * Heavy Iron's reformatting into Heavy Iron W marks the first time a Cardbot other than Blue Cop was given such a treatment. He is also the first Cardbot, besides Blue cop, to become a primary Cardbot for more than one season.
    * Additionally, Heavy Iron is the first Cardbot to deliberately infect himself with the [Beast Virus](</wiki/Beast_Virus> "Beast Virus").
