# Blue Cop

  * W (S3)
  * S (S2)
  * Trinity (S2)
  * Season 1
  * Ultimate (S1)

### Translations

🇰🇷 블루캅
🇨🇳 炫蓝闪电
🇹🇼 炫藍戰警
🇯🇵 ブルーコップ
🇷🇺 Блю Коп
🇺🇸 Blue Star

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians")
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

### Role on Machina

Star Guardian

## Traits

### Vehicle

Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4 Police Car (Season 1)
Lamborghini Aventador Police Car (S)
Lamborghini Aventador Police Car + SWAT vehicle + Police Bus (Trinity)
7th Generation Chevrolet Corvette Police Car (W)

### Metal Cards

Justice Gauntlet (Season 1)
Ultimate Armor (Ultimate Form)
Burst Gauntlet & Burst Armor (S form)
Blue Gun Sword (Trinity)
Howl Gauntlet & Alpha Armor (W form)

### Color

Blue

## Relationships

### Friends

[Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")
[Tigun](</wiki/Tigun> "Tigun")
[Night Griffon](</wiki/Night_Griffon> "Night Griffon")
[Blaion](</wiki/Blaion> "Blaion")
[Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Mystery of the Police Car Robot!](</wiki/Mystery_of_the_Police_Car_Robot!> "Mystery of the Police Car Robot!")_ (Season 1)
_[The Final Battle](</wiki/The_Final_Battle> "The Final Battle")_ (Ultimate form)
_[Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_Awakens_from_the_Stone_Tablet%3F!> "Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!")_ (S form)
_[Red Blitz’s Sincerity](</wiki/Red_Blitz%E2%80%99s_Sincerity> "Red Blitz’s Sincerity")_ (Trinity form)
_[Era of Change](</wiki/Era_of_Change> "Era of Change")_ (W form)

### Sealed in

_[Mystery of the Police Car Robot!](</wiki/Mystery_of_the_Police_Car_Robot!> "Mystery of the Police Car Robot!")_ (Season 1)(Off-screen)
_[Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_Awakens_from_the_Stone_Tablet%3F!> "Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!")_ (S)
_[Wild Cardbot's Roar](</wiki/Wild_Cardbot%27s_Roar> "Wild Cardbot's Roar")_ (W)

### Voice Actor

  * 🇰🇷 Kwak Yoon-sang (곽윤상)
  * 🇬🇧 Aki Cabello
  * 🇨🇳 文翔
  * 🇹🇼 楊士賢
  * 🇷🇺 Алексей Рыжков

**Blue Cop** (블루캅, _Beullu Kab_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and the secondary protagonist of the _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot> "Metal Cardbot")_ series alongside [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"). Originally a member of the [Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians") on [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), he joined the Cardbots' exodus as the planet exploded with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") bestowed to him by [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina") with his finals words: "use the Metal Breath to find a friend". After arriving on Earth, Blue Cop met Jun Grant, who was accepted by the Metal Breath, and became friends.

In the second season _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ , Blue Cop was reformatted by Mukara's Metal Breath and became **Blue Cop S** (블루캅S, _Beullu Kab Eseu_).

In the third season _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , Blue Cop was infected by the Beast Virus pathogen from [Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet") and reformatted into **Blue Cop W** (블루캅W, _Beullu Kab Waildeu_), becoming a Wild Cardbot carrier.

Alternate forms:

  * **Ultimate Blue Cop** (얼티밋 블루캅, _Eoltimis Beullu Kab_)
  * **Blue Cop Trinity** (블루캅 트리니티, _Beullu Kab Teuliniti_)
  * **[Grand Bluleon](</wiki/Grand_Bluleon> "Grand Bluleon")** (그랑블루레온, _Geulang Beulluleon_)

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Blue Cop was a [Star Guardian](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians"), tasked with protecting the mother computer [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina"). He was held in very high regard, though he had at least one superior, [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova"). Before the planet's destruction, he was given the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") by Deus Machina and instructed to use it to find a friend. He evacuated in an escape pod and ended up on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth"), where he adopted an Earth vehicle mode as a disguise and familiarized himself with human customs from a distance. He was believed to be the last surviving Star Guardian and considered it his duty to help his fellow Metal Cardbots fit in without disturbing humans, but struggled as being a Cardbot made him incapable of using the Metal Breath to place troublesome Cardbots under seals. That changed when he met the human [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"), who he entrusted the Metal Breath to after it chose him, and with it they set out to create a world where humans and Cardbots can coexist.

## Appearance

#### _Metal Cardbot_

Blue Cop is a blue Cardbot based on a police officer with a detachable police hat that bears the insignia of the [Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians"), a bullet symbol with a flap extension on each side, light-blue eyes, a magenta visor, a white and blue chest, white lower torso, upper arms, upper legs, and shins, blue forearms with a white/gold exterior, black hands, large outer car fenders sporting a front wheel as shoulders, large lower legs, four black flaps on the back (two small ones on the upper back, and two larger ones over the posterior), white feet with a black base, red lights on the legs, and gold plates on the torso, hip and legs. His vehicle form is a police car based off of a [Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamborghini_Gallardo>).

In his Ultimate form, Blue Cop gains more blue coloration and gold sections to his body, the car doors on his back are pronounced and modified to act as boosters, his head gains two gold crests similar to the one on the hat of his base form, a red flap on each side of the head, a golden chest plate, and an iridescent gem on the chest plate and forehead crest.

#### _Metal Cardbot S_

After being reformatted by Mukara's Metal Breath, Blue Cop's height is increased, his blue coloration is more pronounced, the bullet symbol on each side of his head is replaced with a lightning bolt, his upper legs now have a gray inner portion, his knees now have white extensions, the count of flaps on his back have been cut in half and moved up, and his vehicle form's front hood is now stored on the back. His vehicle form is remodified to resemble a Lamborghini Aventador.

When combined with the police armored vehicle **Blue Command** (블루커맨드, _Beullu Keomaendeu_) and the prisoner transport vehicle **Blue Loader** (블루로더, _Beullu Lodeo_) to form Blue Cop Trinity, he forms the head and torso with a golden plate on the chest, Blue Command forms the arms, and Blue Loader forms the legs and back unit with thrusters and a storage feature for the Blue Gunsword. In this form, Blue Cop rivals both [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron") and [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") in height.

Blue Cop Trinity's Vehicle components  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/5/59/Blue_Cop_vehicle_mode.png/revision/latest?cb=20250118215635>) |  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/8/85/Blue_Command.png/revision/latest?cb=20250118215842>) |  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/7/7b/Blue_Loader.png/revision/latest?cb=20250118215748>)
Blue Cop | Blue Command | Blue Loader

#### _Metal Cardbot W_

After being infected by the Beast Virus from the Wild Cardbot Phantom Hornet, Blue Cop was reformatted into a Wild Cardbot carrier. His overall silhouette is similar to his S form, the revolver-shaped forearms are similar to the Ultimate Armor gauntlets, and the details on his legs and gold decorations on the knees are similar to his Trinity form, and the hood converts into his chest, which is engraved with the Star Guardian emblem. Blue Cop also gains a wolf motif, specifically on his helmet's rim being shaped as wolf canines and the flaps resembling wolf ears, and his hands gained claw-based fingers. His vehicle form changed into a more distinguished 7th generation Chevrolet Corvette police cruiser.

In his berserk state, Blue Cop's body was covered with glowing purple circuit lines, his eyes were red, and his right arm comprised of the Howl Gauntlet's wolf head before Soleil stabilized the Cardbot's virus, purging his body of the circuit lines, completing the Howl Gauntlet's full form and gained the Alpha Armor. During combat, Blue Cop's eyes can convert from the base round shape into vertical slits.

### Early designs

Blue Cop was the first Metal Cardbot to be designed, and informed the development of the rest of the Cardbots[1]. Due to time constraints, most of the design work was done by Yoo Jae-geon (유재건, screen name Guiltyfish), a toy designer at God Brave Studio[2]. However, Director [Seoro Oh](</wiki/Seoro_Oh> "Seoro Oh") was allowed to give pointers, and even redesign the heads of the Cardbots to his liking, with eye pupils and a mouthless mask[3].

Blue Cop's early design[4]

Oh was allowed to redesign the heads of the Metal Cardbots, establishing certain common features[3]

Color concepts on the toy model, used to craft the final animation model. Drawn prior to "Metal Cards"[5]

The pupils were originally meant to be barely visible[6]

"The starting point of 'that look'", including a raised hat[7]

The many expressions of Blue Cop[8]

Vehicle mode blink tests, animated on 2s. The show later animated blinks on 1s[9]

## Personality

Blue Cop, while acting cold at times, is a thoughtful and caring Cardbot who only desires coexistence along other humans and Cardbots. He studied human culture in-depth while learning how to blend in, knowing as much as to give a massage or make coffee[10]. Despite this, he can be clumsy at times, and relies on [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") to command his actions in battle.

## Arsenal & Techniques

### Blue Cop

  * **Metal Card - Justice Gauntlet** (메탈카드 - 저스티스 건틀렛, _Metal Kadeu - Jeoseutiseu Geonteulles_): A translucent blue large gauntlet mounted on Blue Cop's right arm with a double-barreled gun on the forearm.
    * **Thunderbolt Smash** (썬더 볼트 스매쉬, _Sseondeobolteu Seumaeswi_): Blue Cop's gather electricity in the Justice Gauntlet, then jump and executes a punch.
    * **Burst Shot** (버스트 샷, _Beoseuteu Syas_): Blue Cop deploys the gun from the Justice Gauntlet to fire a single or consecutive shots.
    * **Mega Volt Punch** (메가 볼트 펀치, _Mega Bolteu Peonchi_): Blue Cop's main ultimate skill, he gathers electricity in his Justice Gauntlet and unleashes a powerful energy punch, stunning the opponent.
    * **Infinity Force Break** (인피니티 포스 브레이크, _Inpiniti Poseu Beuleikeu_): Blue Cop's ultimate skill. A skill that is activated by uniting Jun's mind and body, allowing Blue Cop to generate and launch multiple energy punches. This is much stronger than the Mega Volt Punch, given that [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy") could easily withstand the original attack but was ultimately taken out with the newer technique.
    * **Infinity Force Mega Volt Punch** (인피니티 포스 메가 볼트 펀치, _Inpiniti Poseu Mega Bolteu Peonchi_): Blue Cop's final technique used right after reverting to his normal form from his Ultimate form. After gathering electricity in the Justice Gauntlet, he quickly charges forward and delivers a powerful punch, even amplified at the cost of destroying his Justice Gauntlet.
  * **Energy Bullet Shooter** (에너지탄 슈터, _Eneojitan Syuteo_): A blaster port on each forearm.

### Ultimate Blue Cop

  * **Metal Card - Ultimate Armor** (메탈카드 - 얼티밋 아머, _Metal Kadeu - Eoltimis Ameo_): A weapon that combines all the Metal Cardbots, excluding Blue Cop and Heavy Iron, that consists of translucent gauntlets and translucent boots. The right gauntlet is colored red, the left one is colored blue, the right boot green, and the left boot purple.
    * **Edge Acceleration** (엣지 엑셀레이션, _Esji Egselleisyeon_): Ultimate Blue Cop moves at high speeds by adding propulsion with the rotation of the wheels attached to the Ultimate Armor on both legs.
    * **Metal Cardbots' Techniques** (메탈카드봇의 기술, _Metal Kadeubos-ui Gisul_): Ultimate Blue Cop can use the techniques of all his teammates. When activated, the silhouette of the Metal Cardbot that is the original owner of the technique is superimposed on Ultimate Blue Cop:
      * **Mega Power Shield** (메가 파워 실드, _Mega Pawo Sildeu_): Mega Trucker's ultimate technique.
      * **Spear Thrust** (스피어 슬러스트, _Seupieo Seulleoseuteu_): Dexter's ultimate technique.
      * **Captain's Cannon** (캡틴즈 캐논, _Kaebtinjeu Kaenon_): Black Hook's ultimate technique.
      * **Wild Raid** (와일드 레이드, _Waildeu Leideu_): Wild Guardy's ultimate technique.
      * **Twin Vulcan** (트윈 발칸, _Teuwin Balkan_): Buster Gallon's ultimate technique.
      * **Spinning Cutter** (스피닝 커터, _Seupining Keoteo_): Shadow X's ultimate technique.
      * **Forceps Crush** (포셉 크러쉬, _Poseb Keuleoswi_): Mega Ambler's ultimate technique.
      * **Buffalo Moonsault** (버팔로 문설트, _Beopallo Munseolteu_): Bufalo Crush's ultimate technique.
      * **Hammer Blaze** (해머 블레이즈, _Haemeo Beulleijeu_): Phoenix Fire's ultimate technique.
      * **Vulture Wings** (벌처 윙스, _Beolcheo Wingseu_): Fleta Z's ultimate technique.
    * **Lightning Overstrike** (라이트닝 오버 스트라이크, _Laiteuning Obeoseuteulaikeu_): Ultimate Blue Cop wraps lightning around the Ultimate Armor on both arms and strikes the opponent repeatedly, then finishes with a powerful punch.
    * **Infinite Punish** (인피니트 퍼니쉬, _Inpiniteu Peoniswi_): Ultimate Blue Cop's ultimate skill that focuses all of the Ultimate Armor's energy to fire four powerful beams.

### Blue Cop S

  * **Metal Card - Burst Gauntlet** (메탈카드 - 버스트 건틀렛, _Metal Kadeu - Beoseuteu Geonteulles_): An enhanced version of the Justice Gauntlet. Compared to the original gauntlet, it is nearly twice as large, with the number of fingers increased from three to five, and unlike the original where the hand was exposed, it is now equipped with additional armor that covers Blue Cop S's entire right forearm. The gun that deploys from the forearm of the gauntlet has also been enlarged to form a single-barreled cannon.
    * **Star Rising Shot** (스타 라이징 샷, _Seuta Laijing Syas_): The enhanced version of the Burst Shot. Blue Cop S fires continuous shots from the cannon mounted on the Burst Gauntlet.
    * **Meteor Bolt Punch** (메테오 볼트 펀치, _Meteo Bolteu Peonchi_): Blue Cop S's main ultimate skill, and the enhanced version the Mega Volt Punch. Blue Cop S quickly charges at the enemy with the booster equipped on the Burst Gauntlet, and delivers a powerful punch charged with electricity.
    * **Supernova Smash** (슈퍼노바 스매쉬, _Syupeonoba Seumaeswi_): The enhanced version of Thunderbolt Smash. Blue Cop S jumps high and launches a large energy fist at the enemy, temporarily stunning them.
  * **Metal Card - Burst Armor** (메탈카드 - 버스트 아머, _Metal Kadeu - Beoseuteu Ameo_): A police siren light-based armor, equipped on the chest to strengthen Blue Cop S.
  * **Double Burst Magnum** (더블 버스트 매그넘, _Deobeul Beoseuteu Maegeuneom_): Two automatic pistol-style blasters that can be stored on both of Blue Cop's legs.

### Blue Cop Trinity

  * **Metal Card - Blue Gun Sword** (메탈카드 - 블루 건소드, _Metal Kadeu - Beullu Geon Sodeu_): A large weapon that transforms between a giant sword and a long-barreled gun.
    * **Star Rising Cannon** (스타라이징 캐논, _Seuta Laijing Kaenon_): Blue Cop Trinity generates and fire a powerful energy beam or shots from the Blue Gun Sword in gun mode.
    * **Supernova Shield** (슈퍼노바 실드, _Syupeonoba Sieldu_): A large energy shield formed from Blue Cop Trinity thrusting the Blue Gun Sword into the ground.
    * **Galaxies Punisher** (갤럭시즈 퍼니셔, _Gaelleogsijeu Peonisyeo_): Blue Cop Trinity charges energy into the Blue Gun Sword to deliver a powerful slash. Charging the attack with the power of [Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")'s Cardbots was enough to let it overpower a [Cosmic Stone](</wiki/Cosmic_Stone> "Cosmic Stone")-empowered [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova").
  * **Vulcans** : A two-barreled vulcan on each of Blue Cop Trinity's fist.

### Blue Cop W

  * **Metal Card - Howl Gauntlet** (메탈카드 - 하울 건틀렛, _Metal Kadeu - Haul Geonteulles_): A wolf head gauntlet mounted on the right arm; serves as the further enhanced version of the Justice Gauntlet and the default **Alpha Mode** (알파 모드, _Alpa Modeu_) for close-quarter combat.
  * **Alpha Bolt Cannon** (알파 볼트 캐논, _Alpa Bolteu Kaenon_): A railgun-shaped cannon mounted inside the Howl Gauntlet when converted to **Assault Mode** (어썰트 모드, _Eosseolteu Modeu_) for long-range combat.
    * **Thunder Howl Smash** (썬더 하울 스매시, _Sseondeo Haul Seumaesi_): The further enhanced version of the Thunderbolt Smash.
    * **Alpha Thunder Punch** (알파 썬더 펀치, _Alpa Sseondeo Peonchi_): The further enhanced version of the Meteor Bolt Punch.
    * **Wolf Howl Shot** (울프 하울 샷, _Ulpeu Haul Syas_): The further enhanced version of the Star Rising Shot. Charges and fires a blue energy blast from the Alpha Bolt Cannon from inside the Howl Gauntlet's wolf head.
  * **Metal Card - Alpha Armor** (메탈카드 - 알파 아머, _Metal Kadeu - Alpa Ameo_): The enhanced version of the Burst Armor; a chest armor resembling a wolf's front snout and fangs, and sporting the Star Guardian emblem.
  * **Burst Gun** (버스트 건, _Beoseuteu Geon_): Two exhaust pipe-style blasters equipped on the Alpha Armor. In Alpha Mode, they are positioned on the back like a backpack and serves as boosters for increased speed and jumping, and when transformed into Assault Mode, they deploy above the shoulders.
  * **Alpha Machine Gun** (알파 머신건, _Alpa Meosin Geon_): a revolver-shaped blaster on each forearm.

## Trivia

[](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/4/4f/BlueCopHat2.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20240908150307>)

Hatless Blue Cop

  * Blue Cop's original name was Silver Bullet (실버불릿), explaining the icon on his head in his normal form.[11]
  * Blue Cop is director [Seoro Oh](</wiki/Seoro_Oh> "Seoro Oh")'s favorite Cardbot to torment.[12]
  * A tweet from Seoro Oh reveals what Blue Cop used to look like under the hat during the concept stages of modelling. Blue Cop's head is later fully revealed in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ , revealing that the design remains mostly the same, just recolored blue instead of black.
  * Blue Cop is the only Cardbot to appear in all seasons as a main character.
  * The original Blue Cop and Ultimate Blue Cop sets had a small handgun that stored between the legs in vehicle mode, a vestigial weapon from early in the show's development. In the final draft of the series, Blue Cop instead used blasters built in his forearms and rarely used them. It wouldn't be until his reformation as Blue Cop S that Blue Cop would use handguns in the show.
  * Blue Cop is the first Cardbot to obtain a gestalt form comprised of three vehicles.
  * Blue Cop is the first Cardbot to have a Lamborghini-modeled vehicle mode.
  * Blue Cop is the sole Cardbot in the series to have an upgrade in each of the three seasons, and undergone a reformatting for both seasons 2 and 3.
  * Blue Cop makes an cameo as a toy in episode 5 of _Shooting Star Catch! Teenieping_ , another show produced by SAMG.
