# Solidhorn

### Translations

🇰🇷 솔리드혼

🇨🇳
🇯🇵 ソリッドホーン
🇷🇺 Солид Хорн

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

Monohorn Tribe (Chieftain)
[Heavy Iron W](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron") (short alliance)
[Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil")
[Blaion](</wiki/Blaion> "Blaion")
[Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Dump Truck + Breaker-fitted Excavator + Crane

### Metal Cards

Rhinohide
Terracrusher

### Color

Prussian-Blue

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Earth's Wrath](</wiki/Earth%27s_Wrath> "Earth's Wrath")_

### Sealed in

_[United Hearts](</wiki/United_Hearts> "United Hearts")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Choi Nak-yoon (최낙윤)

**Solidhorn** (솔리드혼, _Sollideuhon_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He was the chieftain of the Monohorn Tribe, which resided in the Great Forest of the planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), until he was arrested by the [Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians") and imprisoned in the [Trion Prison](</wiki/Trion_Prison> "Trion Prison") before Machina’s destruction. He formed an alliance with [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"), who betrayed [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and the Metal Cardbots, to conquer Motown City. Their plan failed due to Jun and [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil") uniting their Metal Breaths to form [Grand Bluleon](</wiki/Grand_Bluleon> "Grand Bluleon"), leading to Heavy Iron and Solidhorn's defeat before the latter was sealed by Soleil.

## History

Long ago, Solidhorn was deemed dangerous by the Star Guardians and a squad consisting of [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") and [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") attempted to arrest him, but failed. The squad was slaughtered easily and both Blue Cop and Flame Nova were left, which the latter decided to face Solidhorn alone, leading to the Wild Cardbot's defeat, a scar serving as a memento from Flame Nova, and incarcerated in the Trion Prison. At the eve of Machina's destruction, Solidhorn managed to escape but was shocked to learn his clan died in the explosion, leaving him to flee alone in an escape pod.

## Appearance

Solidhorn is a Prussian-Blue Cardbot with a gestalt body like Blue Cop Trinity and Flame Nova, a rhinoceros motif when wielding his Card Weapons, orange, burgundy and silver sections throughout his body, green distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, a rhino horn symbol on each side of the head, and a scar-style crack on the left side of his face from his fight with Flame Nova. His body is comprised of three vehicle components: a dump truck housing his consciousness and missile pods, an excavator retrofitted with a breaker in place of the shovel, and a crane with its boom retrofitted with a laser cannon. The first one forms the arms and majority of the torso, the second one forms the core of his entire robot mode, and the last one becomes his legs and part of his back.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Rhinohide** (메탈카드 - 라이노하이드, _Metal Kadeu - Lainohaideu_): A rhinoceros head-based helmet worn on the head. The front of the helmet can be lowered to completely transform the head into that of a rhinoceros. After another defeat, the now dislodged Rhinohide was used by [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron") to deliberately infect himself with the [Beast Virus](</wiki/Beast_Virus> "Beast Virus").
    * **Outrage Horn** (아웃레이지 혼, _Ausleiji Hon_): Charges the Rhinohide with energy and executes a ramming tackle.
  * **Metal Card - Terracrusher** (메탈카드 - 테라크러셔, _Metal Kadeu - Telakeuleosyeo_): A large sledgehammer wielded by two hands.
    * **Ground Fury** (그라운드 퓨리, _Geulaundeu Pyuli_): Gathers massive energy in the Terracrusher and slams it into the ground, generating a shockwave that splits the earth.
    * **Gaia Breaker** (가이아 브레이크, _Gaia Beuleikeu_): Gathers energy in the Terracrusher and executes a strike against the opponent.
  * **Missile Pods** : Two launchers of 10 missiles each converted from the dump truck's cargo bed on each shoulder.
  * **Laser Cannon** : A back-mounted blaster modified from the crane component's boom and the excavator's arm.

## Trivia

  * Solidhorn is the first Cardbot in the series to have a scar in robot mode.
  * Like both Blue Cop Trinity and Flame Nova, Solidhorn is comprised of multiple vehicle components, consisting of one bearing his conscience and two auxiliary acting like drones.
  * Like Heavy Iron and Flame Nova, Solidhorn's components were separated by Deus Machina's command due to the former being powerful and a threat.
