# Phoenix Fire

### Translations

🇰🇷 피닉스파이어
🇨🇳 烈火修罗
🇹🇼 熾焰至尊
🇯🇵フェニックスファイヤ
🇷🇺 Феникс Файер

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

Unnamed Firefighter group
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Fire Engine

### Metal Cards

Fire Hammer

### Color

Red

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Fire Truck With a Phobia](</wiki/Fire_Truck_With_a_Phobia> "Fire Truck With a Phobia")_

### Sealed in

_Fire Truck With a Phobia_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Hwang Chang-young (황창영)
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Никита Моисеев (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Игорь Тимохин (S)

**Phoenix Fire** (피닉스파이어, _Pinigseu Paieo_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is a rescue worker who has even received a medal, but he became afraid of fire due to an unexpected accident. Fortunately, he meets [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"), overcame his fear, and joins them as a comrade.

In the third season _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , Phoenix Fire was infected by [Night Griffon's](</wiki/Night_Griffon> "Night Griffon") Beast Virus pathogen as the former protected [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil"), but [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler") was able to administer a suppressant to temporarily counter the Beast Virus, forcing Phoenix Fire to head to [Crest's](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") villa to have his condition and the suppressant heavily monitored.

## History

Phoenix Fire was a renowned firefighter on planet Machina and even won a medal for his bravery, and like the rest of his kin, he was forced to evacuate the planet upon its imminent destruction. Eventually coming to Earth, Phoenix Fire began entering the planet's atmosphere, only for his escape pod to catch alight in the attempt. The fire would consume a significant portion of the pod until it crash-landed in the ocean off the shores of [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown").

Having survived the incident, Phoenix Fire began roaming around Mowtown extinguishing any fire he came across. However, his escape pod burning up in Earth's atmosphere greatly traumatized him and made him suffer from pyrophobia, meaning that he began extinguishing even the most miniscule fires he came across, such as barbeque grills and birthday candles. This would be how Jun's first encounter with him would turn out, with him suddenly pulling up to his family's diner, breaking through the window with his deck gun, and spraying foam to extinguish [Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")'s birthday candles.

The next day, Phoenix Fire would make his way to Mowtown Elementary after having detected a candle being lit for a demonstration. Soon after his arrival, a teacher went to confront him, at which point, Jun and [Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo") staged a fire alarm to clear the area. With Jun distracting him with a smoke flare, this brought enough time for [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") to be deployed, though Phoenix Fire managed to knock him back. However, Blue Cop fired back with several burst shots, the flaming projectiles triggering his fear and causing him to freeze up and take the hits, sending his medal flying towards Jun. After [Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler") healed Blue Cop's injuries, Phoenix Fire was defeated and later sealed by Jun with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath").

After returning to Edo's garage, the team helped Phoenix Fire with his past and with their support, he managed to refrain from spraying an apple pie Anna had brought over as a gift for Jun.

## Appearance

Phoenix Fire is a red Cardbot designed after a Japanese fire brigade uniform with light-blue eyes, a _Kajikabuto_ & _Sashiko_ cloth combo helmet-shaped head with a flame symbol on each side, large shoulders with a ladder adornment, dark-grey parts on the torso and calves, white abdomen, upper arms, upper legs and feet, yellow sections on the chest, dark-gray forearms with a rear bumper adornment, white hands with black palms, a dark-gray armored hip with red sections, and black and yellow hazard stripe pattern on the shins. His vehicle form is a fire engine designed on a Hyundai Mega Truck with a long deck gun.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Fire Hammer** (메탈카드 - 파이어 해머, _Metal Kadeu - Paieo Haemeo_): A translucent red colored hammer gauntlet shield placed on Phoenix Fire's left arm.
    * **Burning Hammer** (버닝 해머, _Beoning Haemeo_): Phoenix Fire's main ultimate move. Fire is generated and gathered into the Fire Hammer before Phoenix Fire unleashes a powerful flaming strike.
    * **Hammer Quake** (해머 퀘이크, _Haemeo Kweikeu_): Phoenix Fire strikes the ground with the Fire Hammer to create a shockwave. It can be used without absorbing fire energy separately, but absorbing fire increases the technique's power.
  * **Aqua Cannon** (아쿠아 캐논, _Akua Kaenon_): A giant gun that transforms from the vehicle mode's deck gun. Its only water-related skill is used to put out fires. It can also use a fire extinguishing moose. In robot mode, Phoenix Fire usually holds the weapon with his right hand and stores it on his back when not in use.
    * **Water Splash** (워터 스플래시, _Woteo Seupeullaesi_): Phoenix Fire fires a powerful water stream from the Aqua Cannon. In addition to extinguishing fires, this is also used to push or reflect opponents, with a tertiary use in allowing him to reach higher than normal jumping heights.

## Toys

  * The Phoenix Fire toy was released in the second wave in April of 2023.
  * The Jumpgo Chinese version released in October 2023 has a silver faceplate instead of white, and darker blue clear parts (Product number: 8106)
  * Jumpgo Phoenix Fire would be re-released with his Beast Energy lion that replaces his card weapon. (Product number: 8124)
  * A Phoenix Fire assembly figure is in a blind box set of 8 produced by Sembo Block for Mainland China in 2024, which would be also be released in Korea as Random Blocks in August 2025. He also includes half of the blue gauntlet (B-1) for Ultimate Blue Cop.
  * A metallic version of the Phoenix Fire assembly figure was released in a special Gold Ultimate Bluecop 6-pack set.
  * A chibi/SD Phoenix Fire assembly figure is in a blind box set of 9 of the Stardust assortment produced by Sembo Block.

## Trivia

  * Phoenix Fire was named "Firebuster" during production.[1]
  * Both the toy release and the animation model have Phoenix Fire's deck gun mounted off-center to the left of the vehicle. This is to maintain a symmetrical profile with the shoulders in robot mode.
