# Grand Bluleon

### Translations

🇰🇷 그랑블루레온
🇨🇳
🇯🇵 グランブルーレオン
🇷🇺 Гранд БлюЛеон
🇺🇸

## Traits

### Metal Cards

Howl Gauntlet
Roar Gauntlet

### Color

Blue & Red

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[United Hearts](</wiki/United_Hearts> "United Hearts")_

### Voice Actor

  * 🇰🇷 Kwak Yoon-sang (곽윤상) & Park Sung-tae (박성태)

**Grand Bluleon** (그랑블루레온, _Geulang Beulluleon_) is the combined form of [Blue Cop W](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") and [Blaion](</wiki/Blaion> "Blaion") through **Superior Unite** ( 슈페리얼 유나이트, _Syupelieol Yunaiteu_) by [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil") uniting their [Metal Breaths](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath").

## History

## Appearance

Grand Bluleon is a gestalt combination of Blue Cop W and Blaion; Blue Cop W forms the upper torso, consisting of the head, chest, shoulders and upper arms. Blaion forms the lower body, consisting of the lower torso, waist, back, legs and feet. Blue Cop W's Alpha Armor is added on the waist, both of Blaion's forearms and Ladder Shots are placed on the outer-facing section of each leg, and his waist armor are added as wings on the back. Each of the Cardbot component's Weapon Cards act as the forearms and hands, and the relic of Blaion's tribe acts as chest armor, which is reminiscent of wings and contains a translucent red center with the Star Guardian emblem.

A trait of having both Cardbots' consciousness is Grand Bluleon's eyes emitting elemental energy: the right eye generating lightning bolts, and the left eye pulsing with flames.

## Personality

Due to being a combination of Blue Cop and Blaion, Grand Bluleon has a deep bond to both Jun and Soleil, sees himself as the physical representation of potential future if Metal Cardbots, Wild Cardbots and humans work together, and will always fight to protect that future from those who threaten it.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Howl Gauntlet & Roar Gauntlet** (메탈카드 - 하울 건틀렛 & 로어 건틀렛, _Metal Kadeu - Haul Geonteulles & Loeo Geonteulles_): Blue Cop W and Blaion's Weapon Cards that serves as the arms. Grand Bluleon can fire electric blasts from the **Alpha Bolt Cannon** (알파 볼트 캐논, _Alpa Bolteu Kaenon_), generate flaming streams from the Roar Gauntlet's **Omega Mode** (오메가 모드, _Omega Modeu_), engage in blade combat with the **Blaze Mode** (블레이즈 모드, _Beulleijeu Modeu_) blade, and can utilize both gauntlets' animal heads for grappling.
    * **Alpha Omega Buster** (알파 오메가 버스터, _Alpa Omega Beoseuteo_): An enhanced form of the Alpha Bolt Cannon and Omega Heat Flame. It fires a combined electric beam and fire blast from the Howl Gauntlet and Roar Gauntlet, with both wolf and lion aura heads forming before discharge.
    * **Howl Roar Punisher** (하울 로어 퍼니셔, _Haul Loeo Peonisyeo_): A strengthened version of Thunder Howl Smash and Fire Roar Blaze. The Howl Gauntlet becomes enveloped in a blue wolf aura, while the Roar Gauntlet ignites with a red-and-yellow lion aura, culminating in a powerful dual punch.

## Trivia

  * Grand Bluleon bears some resemblance to the Ultimate/Mega level Digimon Omegamon/Omnimon from the _Digimon_ franchise, especially in regards to how he bears both the Howl and Roar Gauntlets. The Howl Gauntlet has a cannon and the Roar Gauntlet has a blade, which mirror's the Digimon's Garuru Cannon and Grey Sword.
  * Grand Bluleon's voice is an overlap of Blue Cop W's and Blaion's, the same manner used in the _Dragonball_ franchise when Son Goku and Vegeta fuse to either Gogeta or Vegito and their voices are an overlap of both Saiyan participants.
  * This is the first combiner in the franchise after a mandate in the first two seasons forbade combination with anything other than support units.
