# Fleta Z

### Translations

🇰🇷 플레타Z
🇨🇳 喷射加仑
🇹🇼 蒼穹炙焰
🇯🇵フリータ-ゼット
🇷🇺 Флита Зет

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

### Role on Machina

Hunter

## Traits

### Vehicle

Transport Aircraft

### Metal Cards

Fleta Bow

### Color

Black

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[A Metal Cardbot from the Sky!](</wiki/A_Metal_Cardbot_from_the_Sky!> "A Metal Cardbot from the Sky!")_

### Sealed in

_[The Vagabond in the Sky](</wiki/The_Vagabond_in_the_Sky> "The Vagabond in the Sky")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Ryu Seung-gon (류승곤)
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Глеб Глушенков (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов (S)

**Fleta Z** (플레타Z, _Peulleta Jedeu_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. A self-proclaimed 'free spirit' who used to be a wandering hunter, he dreams of living freely without being bound by anything before joining [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant").

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Fleta Z was a skilled hunter who lived on the outskirts of society and whose independent nature led to his existence being a rumor. When he escaped the planet's destruction, his pod crash landed on a small tropical island, leading him to continue a solitary existence until a tourist dropped their phone and he learned much about the Earth, including that there were other Metal Cardbots. He contacted [the uploader](</wiki/Vera> "Vera") of the video from which he learned this, hoping to that he could be introduced to other Cardbots through them, but was hostile upon meeting Jun Grant and [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") due to their using the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") to control others. Easily blowing off the efforts of Jun's Cardbots, Fleta Z only left after Wild Guardy entered the fray. The second showdown would bring much more surprises that ultimately allowed Jun to seal him, and afterwards he immediately made peace with the group.

## Appearance

Fleta Z is a black Cardbot with green eyes, an eagle head-design helmet on the head with a flap and a turbine symbol on each side, red and golden-orange patterns on each shoulder, a red chest with a bird symbol, turbine-based forearms with golden-orange rims, black and gray hands, red upper legs, red knee extensions with half a wing flap, green triangular plates on the torso and hip, black kilt armor on the posterior, red feet with a black base, and large plane wings that folds inward when not in use. His vehicle form is an aircraft designed after an An-124 model.

### Early designs

The toy team came up with the idea of an eagle head motif, which director [Seoro Oh](</wiki/Seoro_Oh> "Seoro Oh") strived to incorporate into his final head designs[1]. Since the toy was designed first, the most difficult part of creating the 3D model was in figuring out how to have his arms underneath his wings for animation[2]. They ended up simply retracting the wings in robot form, leaving a normal shoulder shape that let him stand more comfortably among other Cardbots.[3]

Early head sketches, featuring a smaller and sharper mouth

Early renders of the final 3D model

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Fleta Bow** (메탈카드 - 플레타 보우, _Metal Kadeu - Peulleta Bou_): A translucent sea-green colored archer's bow capable of firing laser arrows. The bow can also transform into a wrist blade for close-range combat.
    * **Beak Arrow** (비크 애로우, _Bikeu Aelou_): Fleta Z creates and fires energy arrows. Since it is created by generating energy, it is essentially an infinite magazine.
    * **Bird Flock Shot** (버드 플로크 샷, _Beodeu Peullokeu Syas_): Fleta Z fires multiple energy arrows. There are applications such as time-lapse shooting and rain-like shooting.
    *

  *     * **Vulture Wings** (벌처 윙스, _Beolcheo Wingseu_): Fleta Z's ultimate technique, he fires a giant energy arrow with the silhouette of a bird of prey.

## Trivia

  * Fleta Z was named "Sonic One" and colored white and light-blue during pre-production.[4] [5]
  * The Fleta Z toy had a roof portion of the plane mode's fuselage become a sword weapon that could be used as an oversized arrow for the Fleta Bow. This weapon was never used in the show.
