# Sky Gallop

### Translations

🇰🇷 스카이갤럽
🇨🇳 银翼骑士
🇹🇼 凌空馳姬
🇯🇵 スカイギャロップ
🇷🇺 Скай Галлоп

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") (Formerly)
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Turbine-winged Transport Plane

### Metal Cards

Wind Runner

### Color

White
Black

## Relationships

### Friends

[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") (formerly)
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Pure White Wings, Sky Gallop](</wiki/Pure_White_Wings,_Sky_Gallop> "Pure White Wings, Sky Gallop")_

### Sealed in

_[Battle of the Red Ark](</wiki/Battle_of_the_Red_Ark> "Battle of the Red Ark")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Jeon Sook-kyung
🇹🇼 楊雅淳
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов

**Sky Gallop** (스카이갤럽, _Seukai Gaelleob_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a chivalrous Cardbot that acts as a courier to transport [Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") across Earth. Despite his desire for freedom, he developed a bond with [Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru"), which ultimately led to Sky Gallop risking his life to protect her from Flame Nova, and in turn, to be sealed by Peruru to save him from Flame Nova's wrath. After the final battle for the _Speranza_ , Sky Gallop chose to join Peruru and assist in repairing the _Speranza_.

## History

After arriving on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") due to the [Metal Cardbots](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots")' exodus from their destroyed world [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Sky Gallop kept to himself as he flew through the skies and enjoying himself. One day, he flew through restricted airspace, catching the eyes of military forces and confronted by two fighter jets. The pilots order Sky Gallop to land, which he refused, leading to the pilots to open fire on Sky Gallop. He retaliated after getting hit and transformed into his robot form, forcing the jet pilots to crash into each other as Sky Gallop looked on, deeming humans as hostile before leaving and deciding to keep the damage on his shoulder as a reminder of humanity's hostility. He later create a transportation service for Cardbots wanting to travel over long distances and took refuge at the offshore [Mowtown Drilling Rig](</wiki/Mowtown_Drilling_Rig> "Mowtown Drilling Rig") while forging an alliance with Cardbot brothers [Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit") and [Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector").

## Appearance

Sky Gallop is a white Cardbot with an appearance similar to [Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z") and a knight motif, an avian-style head with a black knight-shaped dome, a golden wing crest with a wind symbol on each side, and golden wings, a white torso with a gold-framed black chest, a white back with large turbine-powered wings, white shoulders with gold/black sections, black arms with white hull parts as gauntlets, white hands, a white hip with a light pattern comprised of red, yellow and green, black upper legs with wheels attached to the sides, white/black lower legs with a hull part attached to each and a triangular gold symbol on the shin, and white feet with a gold base. His vehicle form is a transport aircraft based on a Boeing C-17 with a turbine in each wing. His height is equal to that of [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"), [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex"), and [Blue Cop Trinity](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"), and he is currently the largest Cardbot in vehicle mode.

He sustained damage to his left shoulder from military jets and initially kept it as a reminder to not trust humans; he had it repaired after the battle for the _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Wind Runner** (메탈카드 - 윈드러너, _Metal Kadeu - Windeu Leoneo_): A pair of horse legs mounted on Sky Gallop's back that grants him a centaur form.
    * **Proxima Break** (맥프록시마 브레이크, _Peulogsima Beuleikeu_): Sky Gallop charges the Wind Runner with energy and executes a horse kick.
  * **Saber Arrow** (세이버 애로우, _Seibeo Aelou_): A giant bow-shaped weapon formed from the tail wing of Sky Gallop's vehicle form and can also fold in half to form a sword. Sky Gallop can fire from single to multiple golden energy arrows, and an energized slash in sword mode.
    * **Saber Arrow Alpha** (세이버 애로우 알파, _Seibeo Aelou Alpa_): Sky Gallop gathers golden energy into the Saber Arrow and fires it in the form of a vertical energy beam.
  * **Gauntlet** : Sky Gallop can convert the flap on his arm to a makeshift gauntlet for an increased punch.
  * **Chain Guns** : A couple of machine guns Sky Gallop stores in his side in vehicle mode.
  * **Missile** : A single-shot missile built in Sky Gallop's vehicle mode.
  * **Flares**

## Trivia

  * Sky Gallop is the third Cardbot to have a female voice actor after Cielo and Rock Crush.
  * Sky Gallop is the second Cardbot in the series to possess a Weapon Card that's as large as a user's body.
  * In the series, Sky Gallop is one of the tallest Cardbots by the end of _Metal Cardbot S_ , being two heads taller than Gigantrex. The Sky Gallop set is much shorter, being the same height as Musclehyde.
  * Sky Gallop was the first Metal Cardbot not to be first sealed by either Jun or Mukara. Instead, the first to seal him was Peruru.
