# Rock Crush

### Translations

рҹҮ°рҹҮ· лЎқнҒ¬лҹ¬мү¬
рҹҮЁрҹҮі зҲҶж—Ӣжҙӣе…Ӣ
рҹҮ№рҹҮј зўҺеІ©йқҲе§¬
рҹҮҜрҹҮө гғӯгғғгӮҜгӮҜгғ©гғғгӮ·гғҘ
рҹҮ·рҹҮә Р РҫРә РҡСҖР°СҲ

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Drill Tank

### Metal Cards

Freezer Chest

### Color

Crimson
Indigo

## Relationships

### Friends

[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Cave Escape](</wiki/Cave_Escape> "Cave Escape")_

### Sealed in

_[Okay, Rock Crush](</wiki/Okay,_Rock_Crush> "Okay, Rock Crush")_

### Voice Actor

рҹҮ°рҹҮ· Lee Ji-hyun (мқҙм§Җнҳ„)
рҹҮ№рҹҮј жҘҠй·—з‘„
рҹҮ·рҹҮә Р®СҖРёР№ Р РҫРјР°РҪРҫРІ

**Rock Crush** (лЎқнҒ¬лҹ¬мү¬, _Log Keuleoswi_) is a new Cardbot in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a young excavator who was traumatized to the point of becoming a recluse on Earth. After being sealed by [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"), Rock Crush slowly began to become more open.

## History

Rock Crush has been friends with [Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober") since the days of Planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"). After its destruction, they drifted through space in their individual escape pods until arriving on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") after a long journey. However, during the landing process, Glober's escape pod crashed due to an accident, and they were separated. While Glober landed in a peaceful nature area, Rock Crush ended up in [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown") and suffered from the overwhelming noise coming from all directions. In an attempt to escape the chaos, Rock Crush went underground, but he accidentally came into contact with a power transmission facility and was electrocuted. As a result, his already fragile personality was deeply affected, and he became a reclusive loner, avoiding everything and showing intense hostility toward anyone who approached him, regardless of whether they were friend or foe.

## Appearance

Rock Crush is an indigo Cardbot with a miner motif, an indigo mining helmet with a flashlight on top, a crimson chin guard and a crimson drill symbol on each side, light-blue eyes, a green visor that allows him to see in infrared and soundwaves to compensate his poor eyesight, crimson back, shoulders and upper arms, black forearms, silver hands, an indigo/crimson torso with a golden-yellow plate in the center, the first tread set are stored on the back, a black lower torso, an indigo hip with a golden-yellow three-pronged drill buckle, indigo legs with a black center, the second tread set and silver knee extensions each, indigo feet with a black base, and one half of his Megalo Drill placed on each arm as a gauntlet. His vehicle form is a drilling tank with tracked treads.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Freezer Chest** (л©”нғҲм№ҙл“ң - н”„лҰ¬м Җ мІҙмҠӨнҠё, _Metal Kadeu - Peulijeo Cheseuteu_): A drill-themed chest plate attached to Rock Crush's thorax.
    * **Blizzard Age** (лё”лҰ¬мһҗл“ң м—җмқҙм§Җ, _Beullijadeu Eiji_): An ice beam Rock Crush fires from the Freezer Chest that can freeze anything.
    * **Spiral Iceberg** (мҠӨнҢҢмқҙлҹҙ м•„мқҙмҠӨ лІ„к·ё, _Seupaileol Aiseubeogeu_): Rock Crush transfers energy from the Freezer Chest to the Megalo Drill as it spins at maximum speed, spreading cold air around it and piercing the opponent's attacks.
  * **Megalo Drill** (л©”к°ҖлЎң л“ңлҰҙ, _Megalo Deulil_): Rock Crush's giant drill in vehicle mode that's split in half in robot mode. He is also capable of uniting both halves on one arm.

## Trivia

  * Rock Crush is the second Metal Cardbot to have a female voice actor.
  * Rock Crush's indigo coloration on his body appear similar to overalls and, in turn, makes him look similar to the titular character Mario.
  * The scene in _Cave Escape_ where Rock Crush drilled through a wall, startling Cielo, and popping his head to say "Rock Crush is here!" is a reference to Jack Nicholson's Jack Torrance from the 1980 horror film _The Shining_.
