# Tachy

### Translations

🇰🇷 타키

🇨🇳
🇯🇵
🇷🇺

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

Rapid Tribe

## Traits

### Vehicle

Sports Car

### Metal Cards

Sonic Runner

### Color

Yellow
Orange

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[A Lucky Person Who Knows How To Have Fun](</wiki/A_Lucky_Person_Who_Knows_How_To_Have_Fun> "A Lucky Person Who Knows How To Have Fun")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Yang Jeong-hwa (양정화)

**Tachy** (타키, _Taki_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. She is known as the "Speed Runner" among the Wild Cardbots and is a member of a clan called the Rapid Tribe.

## History

## Appearance

Tachy is a yellow Cardbot with a cheetah motif, notably her helmet, black spots and a cheetah tail, light-blue distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, black hands with claw-based fingers and yellow backhands, a track runner appearance, white sections on the arms, torso and upper legs, orange sections on the limbs and torso, a back unit comprised of her vehicle form's hood, and a zig-zag arrow symbol on each side of the head. Her vehicle form is a sports car with a cheetah face on the roof.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Technique

  * **Metal Card - Sonic Runner** (메탈카드 - 소닉 러너, _Metal Kadeu - Sonig Leoneo_): A pair of cheetah-style armored leg extensions.
  * **Cheetah Knuckles** (치타 너클, _Chita Neokeul_): Tachy wields a pair of cheetah claw-based gauntlets formed from her vehicle form's front end and wheels. Originally stored on the back unit.

## Trivia

  * Tachy's name is a fusion of the anagram form of "cheetah" in Korean, and the prefix of "tachyon", a hypothetical particle that always travels faster than the speed of light.
  * Due to her appearance, Tachy is the first official female Cardbot in the series.
  * Tachy's design is based on track and field athletes, and one character from two different franchises:
    * Arcee from _Transformers_ in certain parts of the transformation (the back of the vehicle forming the upper legs and the front of the vehicle essentially resting on the back untouched).
    * The head is based on the character Na-aeri (나애리) from the South Korean sports comic _Run Hani_ (달려라 하니). [1]
  * Tachy is the second Cardbot after [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz") to have Metal Card weapon augmentations for the legs.
