# Shadow X

### Translations

🇰🇷 쉐도우X
🇨🇳 暗影特工
🇹🇼 暗影戰機
🇯🇵シヤドウX
🇷🇺 Шэдоу Экс

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

VTOL Aircraft

### Metal Cards

X-Wheel

### Color

Violet

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[The Invisible Challenger](</wiki/The_Invisible_Challenger> "The Invisible Challenger")_

### Sealed in

_[Defeating the Heli-Tornado](</wiki/Defeating_the_Heli-Tornado> "Defeating the Heli-Tornado")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Kim Myung-jun (김명준)
🇨🇳 文翔
🇹🇼 楊士賢
🇷🇺 Даниил Бледный (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов (S)

**Shadow X** (쉐도우X, _Swedou Egseu_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. A professional spy, he has an immature personality akin to that of a mischievous child, but he is determined to fight and will definitely protect the opponents he acknowledges.

## History

After fleeing the destruction of [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina") as with the rest of his race, Shadow X would eventually begin using his stealth mode to secretly harass [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"), believing that the boy only uses the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") to enslave any Cardbots he came across. While his stealth mode proved to be a significant hindrance, Jun noticing his shadow allowed [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") to land a hit and temporarily disable it, though they ultimately couldn't overpower the Heli-Tornado. While Shadow X was still firm on his stance, he ultimately left with a feeble response after Jun asked him a stern question.

Shadow X would return to a rematch by interrupting the team's attempt to train to deal with the Heli-Tornado, making his presence known by destroying the jet turbine they were using as a substitute. While he managed to take out [Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker"), Jun's quick thinking allowed Blue Cop to work in sync with the Heli-Tornado and allow the police Cardbot to close the gap, knocking out the newcomer with a Mega Volt Punch. This finally gained Jun Shadow X's respect, and the ninja Cardbot graciously allowed himself to be sealed.

## Appearance

Shadow X is a violet Cardbot designed after the attire of a Japanese _shinobi_ with a white forehead protector sporting a red "X", a _shinobi_ mask-shaped head with a red _shuriken_ symbol on each side, green eyes, white plating on the chest, forearms, and knees, wide forearms to store his yellow three-blade rotors, black shoulders and ankles, white upper arms and inner forearms, and white hands with dark-gray fingers. His vehicle form is a VTOL-designed jet with a shark jaw painting on the outer cockpit.

### Early designs

The many faces of Shadow X[1]

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - X-Wheel** (메탈카드 - 엑스 휠, _Metal Kadeu - Egseu Hwil_): A translucent violet colored _Fuma Shuriken_ mounted on either of Shadow X's arm. In addition to being equipped on the arm, it can also be ridden and used for flight. It is capable of both close-range and long-range attacks and defense.
    * **Spinning Cutter** (스피닝 커터, _Seupining Keoteo_): Shadow X throws energy _shuriken_ with the X-Wheel. It is possible to throw them continuously or to bypass the target and attack from behind.
    * **Heli-Tornado** (헬리 토네이도, _Helli Toneido_): Shadow X's main ultimate skill, he spins the X-Wheel to create a powerful whirlwind.
  * **X-Launcher** (엑스 런처, _Egseu Leoncheo_): A rocket launcher on each of Shadow X's shoulder. Capable of firing violet energy beams.
  * **Stealth Mode** (스텔스 모드, _Seutelseu Modeu_): A camouflage system for either forms. However, since only transparency is applied, it is impossible for Shadow X to hide sounds or shadows. Interestingly, it is an ability that is often used in everyday life as well as in combat.

## Toys

  * The Shadow X toy was released in the very first wave in March of 2023. The propellers do not spin freely, and he cannot ride the X Wheel like in the show.
  * The Jumpgo Chinese version released in October 2023 changes the eyes from gold to show-accurate green with painted pupils. (Product number: 8102)
  * Jumpgo Shadow X would be re-released with his Beast Energy bat that replaces his card weapon. (Product number: 8122)
  * A Shadow X model kit was produced by Wen Sheng for Mainland China in 2024. It is based on the animation model making it more show-accurate.

## Trivia

  * Shadow X was named "Shadow Gale" during pre-production.[2]
  * Due to his childish personality and being one of Jun's secondary default Cardbots, Shadow X shares Blue Cop's role as primary punching bag for any unfortunate circumstances that occur in combat.
