# Black Hook

### Translations

🇰🇷 블랙후크
🇨🇳 深海天锚
🇹🇼 謐影海盜
🇷🇺 Блэк Хук
🇯🇵 ブラックフック
🇺🇸 Steel Hook

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Black Hook Crew](</wiki/Black_Hook_Crew> "Black Hook Crew") (Captain)
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

### Role on Machina

Outlaw (formerly)

## Traits

### Vehicle

Pirate Galleon

### Metal Cards

Captain Cannon

### Color

Navy-Blue

## Relationships

### Friends

[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[The Great Showdown! Giant VS Giant!](</wiki/The_Great_Showdown!_Giant_VS_Giant!> "The Great Showdown! Giant VS Giant!")_

### Sealed in

_[Black Hook Strikes Back](</wiki/Black_Hook_Strikes_Back> "Black Hook Strikes Back")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Lee Hyun (이현)
🇹🇼 李英吉

🇷🇺 Алексей Пустовойтов (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов (S)

**Black Hook** (블랙후크, _Beullaeg Hukeu_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is the captain of the [Black Hook Crew](</wiki/Black_Hook_Crew> "Black Hook Crew") until he was beaten by Jun Grant and Buster Gallon.

## History

Black Hook was a notorious pirate on planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina") who bested many [Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians"), and a friend of [Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush"), who was a member of his [pirate crew](</wiki/Black_Hook_Crew> "Black Hook Crew"). He arrived on Earth in an escape pod before Buffalo Crush with the treasure of the [Star Crown](</wiki/Star_Crown> "Star Crown"), which was later stolen from him by [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron").

## Appearance

Black Hook is a navy-blue Cardbot with a pirate captain motif: having a pirate hat-style head, yellow eyes, a skull symbol on each side, and a red eyepatch that can be removed when using the targeting scope of his Captain Cannon, broad shoulders, thorax and forearms reminiscent of the 18th century royal navy jacket, black upper arms, white hands, white upper legs, gold colored portions on the shoulders, red/navy-blue forearms, legs and feet, black inner portions of his lower legs while the outer sides are navy-blue and red, and chipped sections on his face, chest and hands. His vehicle form is a pirate-based galleon with flight capability, and also sports a retractable eyepatch with a scar symbol.

He is the second tallest Cardbot in comparison to [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron").

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Captain Cannon** (메탈카드 - 캡틴 캐논, _Metal Kadeu - Kaebtin Kaenon_): A translucent black colored cannon placed on Black Hook's right shoulder.
    * **Captain's Cannon** (캡틴즈 캐논, _Kaebtinjeu Kaenon_): Black Hook's main ultimate move. Fires a cannonball-shaped energy bullet from the Captain Cannon.
      * **Grand Captain's Cannon** (그랜드 캡틴즈 캐논, _Geulaendeu Kaebtinjeu Kaenon_): An enhanced version of Black Hook's Captain's Cannon. He gathers electric energy absorbed from the power plant or fully charges his allies with energy like Mega Trucker's 'Ultra Mega Power Shield' and fires a huge energy bullet.
  * **Black Cannon** (블랙 캐논, _Beullaeg Kaenon_): Cannons in Black Hook's vehicle mode. It fires while flying.
  * **Broadside Shot** (블랙 캐논, _Beullaeg Kaenon_): A pair of two-barreled cannons mounted on Black Hook's back.
  * **Captain Anchor** (캡틴 앵커, _Kaebtin Aengkeo_): Black Hook's anchor-shaped melee weapon.

## Toys

  * The Black Hook toy was released in August of 2023.
  * The Jumpgo Chinese version released in October 2023 has his bright gold parts changed to a darker gold, and the bright metallic gold paint applications are also darker to match. (Product number: 8111)
  * A Black Hook buildable figure is 1 of 8 in a blind-box set produced by Sembo Block for Mainland China in 2024, which would be also be released in Korea as Random Blocks in August 2025. He also includes half of the green boot (C-1) for Ultimate Blue Cop.
  * A metallic version of the Black Hook buildable figure was released in a special Gold Ultimate Bluecop 6-pack set.
  * A chibi/SD Black Hook buildable figure is 1 of 9 in the Stardust assortment of assembly figures produced by Sembo Block.

## Trivia

  * In his debut, Black Hook was often animated so that even when his legs were moved forward, his tassets remained stationary, often resulting in them clipping through his thighs. This was fixed later in the next episode, and Black Hook's tassets now move in accordance with his legs.
