# Red Blitz

### Translations

🇰🇷 레드블리츠
🇨🇳 霹雳火影
🇹🇼 狂絳襲兵
🇯🇵 レッドブリッツ
🇷🇺 Рэд Блитц

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew")
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Muscle Car

### Metal Cards

Boost Gambiera

### Color

Red

## Relationships

### Friends

[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") (father figure)
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Kent](</wiki/Kent> "Kent")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_Awakens_from_the_Stone_Tablet%3F!> "Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!")_

### Sealed in

4,000 Years Ago ([Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"))
_[Red Blitz’s Sincerity](</wiki/Red_Blitz%E2%80%99s_Sincerity> "Red Blitz’s Sincerity")_ ([Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"))

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Jeon Tae-yeol (전태열)
🇹🇼 倪聖維
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко

**Red Blitz** (레드블리츠, _Ledeu Beullicheu_) is one of the new [Metal Cardbots](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is the youngest member of the [_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew") that arrived on Earth 4,000 years ago.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Red Blitz was a troublemaker who joined [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")'s crew after trying to fight them all single-handedly, and one of the three Cardbots he asked to join him on his spaceship _[Speranza's](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_ journey to establish a new civilization. Red Blitz acted as the ship's engineer. After the _Speranza_ crashed on Earth due to Red Blitz's misguided attempt to save Machina, he and his crewmates became friends with the people of [Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village"), especially [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"), who, due to a lack of resources, sealed them with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") given to him by Gigantrex and placed stone tablets concealing their Metal Cards in the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") temple. At some point, all of the stone tablets were stolen, and Red Blitz's was sold to [Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") by a black market dealer.

## Appearance

Red Blitz is a red Cardbot with a sleek body based on the Muay Thai fighting style, a sleek head with a golden curving crest along the outer portion and a golden three-grooved symbol with a golden flap on each side, green eyes, black torso, shoulders, arms and upper legs, a red plate with large curving crest and a muscle car engine on the chest and a red three-sectioned plate on the back, black hands with a two-pronged red backhand, red hip with a golden buckle, red lower legs, red armor with wheels on the shoulders and legs, black and gold knee extensions, black feet, and small green lights on the shoulder armor and legs. His vehicle form is a muscle car based on the Toyota 86.

After the _Speranza_ crash-landed on Earth 4,000 years ago, Red Blitz was painted with a symbol representing the crew's bond with Mukara on his left shoulder.

## Personality

Red Blitz is an aggressive, impulsive, and impatient Cardbot who is likely to start a fight, being resiliently stubborn to efforts by others to correct him. The sole individual who can command him without getting rebuffed is Gigantrex due to his status as Red Blitz's mentor and father figure. Red Blitz starts out as fight-happy, stubborn, and generally overconfident in the effectiveness of his own plans, only siding with Jun and his group out of reluctant pragmatism and begrudgingly following orders, but manages to make up for his past mistakes by the end.

Unlike the other Cardbots sealed by the Metal Breath, Red Blitz remains uncooperative and unfriendly towards Jun after his sealing, only accepting him after a few weeks and months whereas past Cardbots would usually mellow out after at least a day.

A key problem the group has with Red Blitz is that he rarely thinks things through and is so hyper-fixated on his home and Gigantrex that he tends to behave irrationally and complicate things to an unnecessary degree, including starting fights over something as simple as a misunderstanding. Throughout his time with the team, however, Red Blitz has become a much more reliable Cardbot, and is now capable of acting rationally and tempering his impulses.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Boost Gambiera** (메탈카드 - 부스트 감비에라, _Metal Kadeu - Buseuteu Gambiela_): A pair of taloned feet extensions added to Red Blitz's legs to enhance his kicking power.
    * **Scarlet Hurricane** (스칼렛 허리케인, _Seukalles Heolikein_): Red Blitz's main ultimate skill, he creates a whirlwind of red energy and kicks it towards the opponent, knocking them back.
    * **Scarlet Typhoon** (스칼렛 타이푼, _Seukalles Taipun_): Red Blitz creates a red energy wheel and kicks it toward the opponent.
    * **Crimson Shoot** (크림슨 슛, _Keulimseun Syus_): Red Blitz generates and kicks a red sphere to the opponent.
    * **Crimson Kick** (크림슨 킥, _Keulimseun Kig_): Red Blitz generates crimson flames around the Boost Gambiera and kicks the opponent.
      * **Mega Crimson Kick** (메가 크림슨 킥, _Mega Keulimseun Kig_): An enhanced version of the Crimson Kick. Red Blitz increases the output of the flames wrapped around the Boost Gambiera, and executes a kick wrapped in blue flames.

  * **[Organizer](</wiki/Organizer> "Organizer")** (오거나이저, _Ogeonaijeo_): A portal device stored inside Red Blitz's chest. It can open and alter the size of a portal by turning the dial. However, in episode 2, Jun broke the device after fidgeting with it.
