# Musclehyde

### Translations

🇰🇷 기간트렉스
🇨🇳 钢臂力士
🇹🇼 黑影鐵鋼
🇯🇵 マッスルハイド
🇷🇺 Маслхайд

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew")
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

## Traits

### Vehicle

All-Terrain Crane

### Metal Cards

Variable Arms
Crane Bhuh

### Color

Caribbean-Green

## Relationships

### Friends

[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Scoop! Steel Reporter](</wiki/Scoop!_Steel_Reporter> "Scoop! Steel Reporter")_

### Sealed in

4,000 Years Ago ([Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"))
_[Musclehyde's Choice](</wiki/Musclehyde%27s_Choice> "Musclehyde's Choice")_ ([Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"))

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Kwon Chang-wook (권창욱)
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Юрий Романов

**Musclehyde** (머슬하이드, _Meoseulhaideu_) is one of the new [Metal Cardbots](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a former reporter and member of the [_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew") that arrived on Earth 4,000 years ago.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Musclehyde was a reporter for the Cardian Post and one of the three Cardbots [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") asked to join him on his spaceship _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")'_s journey to establish a new civilization. Musclehyde acted as the ship's pilot. After the _Speranza_ crashed on Earth due to Red Blitz's failed attempt to save Machina, Musclehyde and his crewmates became friends with the people of [Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village"), especially [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"), who, due to a lack of resources, sealed them with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") given to him by Gigantrex and placed stone tablets concealing their Metal Cards in the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") temple. At some point, all of the stone tablets were stolen, and Musclehyde's ended up in a cargo plane in transit to and from unknown locations.

## Appearance

Musclehyde is a Caribbean-green/white large Cardbot with a bull motif, a bull-based head with an axe symbol on each side, a guard with an "M"-based symbol on the forehead, yellow eyes, yellow axe-shaped horns, black shoulders and upper arms, golden-yellow circles on the elbows, black hands, two-barreled armor plating on the shoulders and forearms, Caribbean-green/white torso with Caribbean-green markings on the white chest, bull horn-designed buckles on the white hip, white upper legs with Caribbean-green lines, Caribbean-green/white/black lower legs with a golden-yellow horn, two-digit black feet with a Caribbean-green base, and a Caribbean-green/white back unit for his Variable Arms. The horns can change position based on one of his two personalities: when positioned down, Musclehyde is in his docile persona; when the horns are upright, the guard on the forehead comes down and the M glows red, and the eyes become fierce to show his violent personality. His vehicle form is a wrecker crane based on the Kobelco KMG5220.

After the _Speranza_ crash-landed on Earth 4,000 years ago, Musclehyde was painted with a symbol representing the crew's bond with Mukara on the right side of his chest.

## Personality

As a former reporter, Musclehyde is intelligent and inquisitive, so he asks plenty of questions when in unfamiliar situations. He is usually composed and courteous, especially to those he feels loyal to, but feels strongly and doesn't hesitate to use force when upset. He can change the position of his horns to help focus his aggression, but it's only symbolic and has no tangible effect.[1]

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Variable Arms** (메탈카드 - 베리어블 암, _Metal Kadeu - Belieobeul Am_): A pair of additional arms that are attached to Musclehyde's back unit, granting him a total of four arms.
  * **Metal Card - Crane Bhuh** (메탈카드 - 크레인 부지, _Metal Kadeu - Keulein Buji_): Musclehyde's axe made from the axe blade on the Variable Arms in storage and his mace.
    * **Mace** : Musclehyde's main weapon made from his vehicle form's crane boom. When not in use, it hangs on the back and is shortened. The hook attached to the other side remains usable, allowing the crane boom to be used as a fishing rod.
    * **Brachio Slash** (브라키오 슬래쉬, _Beulakio Seullaeswi_): Musclehyde's main ultimate skill, he wraps green energy around the Crane Bhuh and strikes the opponent with a shockwave powerful enough to fracture the ground.
    * **Bronto Strike** (브론토 스트라이크, _Beulonto Seuteulaikeu_): Musclehyde slams the energized Crane Bhuh down, creating a powerful crack in the ground.
    * **Dreadnought Storm** (드레드노트 스톰, _Deuledeunoteu Seutom_): Musclehyde rotates the Crane Bhuh so fast that it leaves a green afterimage before attacking.

## Trivia

  * The names of Musclehyde's attacks are based on three sauropod Dinosaur species: _Brachiosaurus_ , _Brontosaurus_ and _Dreadnoughtus_.
  * Musclehyde's Metal Card Weapon uses the word "Bhuh", which is based on the Sanskrit word "bhuh" (भू), primarily referring to "earth" or "the lower planetary systems". It can also represent the field of activity or the ground.
  * While the show displayed Musclehyde being able to shift his horns up and down, that feature is not utilized in the set.
  * While the Musclehyde set displayed the shoulder armor and gauntlets to convert into vulcan firearms, they were never utilized in the show.
