# Flame Nova

### Translations

🇰🇷 플레임노바
🇨🇳 重装赤魂王
🇹🇼 灼光炬焰
🇯🇵 フレイムノヴァ
🇷🇺 Флейм Нова

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians") (formerly)
[Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") (formerly)
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors") (Self-Imprisoned)

## Traits

### Vehicle

Fire Truck + Dump Truck + Excavator + Helicopter

### Metal Cards

Blaze Armor

### Color

Red
Black

## Relationships

### Friends

[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop") (formerly)
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit") (enthralled; formerly)
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector") (enthralled; formerly)
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") (formerly)

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Upright and fair! Vector and Bit Brothers](</wiki/Upright_and_fair!_Vector_and_Bit_Brothers> "Upright and fair! Vector and Bit Brothers")_

### Sealed in

_[The Return of Steel](</wiki/The_Return_of_Steel> "The Return of Steel")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Yo-han Park (박요한)
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Игорь Тимохин

**Flame Nova** (플레임노바, _Peulleim Noba_) is a new [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and a major antagonist in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. Originally a [Star Guardian](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians"), Flame Nova grew ambitious and rebelled against [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina") for power, but was captured and branded a criminal. On Earth, Flame Nova formed an alliance with the [Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") while setting his sights on [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara")'s [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") to regain his true form and enact his plan of turning the [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") into a home for the Metal Cardbot species. His plan failed by the strength of Cardbots coexisting with humans, and he was sealed by [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant").

In _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , Flame Nova closed himself off to prevent Jun from summoning him, which the latter decide to wait until Flame Nova chose to open up to humans.

## History

Flame Nova was once a distinguished member of the Star Guardians and [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")'s superior, renowned as a courageous agent who had received the Machina Cross award three times. He was also the Cardbot responsible for taking down the Wild Cardbot [Solidhorn](</wiki/Solidhorn> "Solidhorn"), defeating him single-handedly before locking him up. However, one day, he rebelled against Deus Machina, attempting to steal the memory core by infiltrating the sanctuary on Planet Machina, stealing three sets of [Cosmic Stones](</wiki/Cosmic_Stone> "Cosmic Stone") and discovering the first Metal Cardbot resides within Machina. His rebellion failed and he was declared a felon for violating the sanctuary. He was expelled from the Star Guardians and sentenced to imprisonment. His body was fragmented, and his ability to combine into robot mode was permanently sealed by the power of the Metal Breath. Without an escape pod, Flame Nova was presumed dead when Planet Machina exploded. However, he survived and took refuge on Earth.

## Appearance

Flame Nova is a red and black Cardbot with a gestalt body equal in height to [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"), [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex"), [Blue Cop Trinity](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"), [Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop") and [Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain"), a black head similar to Blue Cop Trinity's sporting a hat-style, flaps, a golden flame medal on the forehead, and a flame symbol on each side, a blue visor, green eyes with translucent pupils; they were initially solid black before his betrayal, large shoulders, a red torso with a silver grille and front bumper on the chest and wheels along the sides, a white lower torso with a black center, a red back sporting a circle vent and main vehicle component's rear wheels, white upper arms, asymmetrical forearms (the right being black and the left more red), white hands with a black palm and red backhand, a hip with black armor sporting red centers and red side flaps, white upper legs, red lower legs with gold sections, green/white/black knee extensions and treads lining up with the outer calves, and black feet with a white base each. His body is comprised of four vehicle components: a fire truck based on the Rosenbauer Panther with a deck gun-style ladder, houses his consciousness and converts into the head, shoulders, upper arms and back, the **Flame Dump** (플레임덤프, _Peulleim Deompeu_) haul truck that converts to the main body and upper legs, the **Flame Shovel** (플레임쇼벨, _Peulleim Syobel_) excavator as the lower legs and the **Flame Copter** (플레임콥터, _Peulleim Kobteo_) search & rescue helicopter that splits into the forearms.

Flame Nova initially had a Star Guardian emblem on his head before it was stripped away for his crimes against Deus Machina.

After inserting the last Cosmic Stone into himself before losing, Flame Nova gains glowing yellow circuit lines on his head, cyan lines on his body, magenta lines and magenta fade sections on his limbs, and the Cosmic Stone inserted to his left shoulder spread down to his chest and the Blazer Armor once activated.

Flame Nova's Vehicle components  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/c/cd/Flame_Nova_vehicle_mode.png/revision/latest?cb=20250120191230>) [](</wiki/File:Flame_Nova_vehicle_mode.png>) |  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/b/b6/Flame_Dump.png/revision/latest?cb=20250129000745>) [](</wiki/File:Flame_Dump.png>) |  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/4/4d/Flame_Shovel.png/revision/latest?cb=20250129000817>) [](</wiki/File:Flame_Shovel.png>) |  [](<https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/metal-cardbot/images/0/03/Flame_Copter.png/revision/latest?cb=20250129000842>) [](</wiki/File:Flame_Copter.png>)
Flame Nova | Flame Dump | Flame Shovel | Flame Copter

## Peronality

Of all the Metal Cardbots introduced in the first 2 seasons, Flame Nova is by far the most malicious of the entire species, not only outright refusing to coexist with humans but being willing to betray his own people, with a past attempt at doing so being what cost him his position in the Star Guardians. Additionally, Flame Nova has a high superiority complex and does not like being unable to control things to his exact liking, being fully willing to enslave his own race under his thumb.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Blaze Armor** (메탈카드 - 블레이즈 아머, _Metal Kadeu - Beulleijeu Ameo_): A golden armor-based weapon with a Metal Card emblem mounted on Flame Nova's torso. There are burners attached to various parts of the armor that generates flames at will.
    * **Flame Impact** (플레임임팩트, _Peulleim Impaegteu_): Flame Nova generates flames that form an energy sphere from the Blaze Armor into the Bucket Arm and slams it onto the ground to release an explosive shockwave.
    * **Giga Flame Impact** (기가 플레임 임팩트, _Giga Peulleim Impaegteu_): An enhanced version of the Flame Impact, he generates blue and crimson colored electric flames that form a larger energy sphere from the Blaze Armor into the Bucket Arm and throws it at the opponent.
  * **Ladder Cannon** (래더 캐논, _Laedeo Kaenon_): Flame Nova's deck gun-style aerial ladder combined with the Flame Copter's rotor blades and mounted on his left arm. It's capable of firing laser shots and convert into a flamethrower.
    * **Prominence Cannon** (프로미넌스 캐논, _Peulomineonseu Kaenon_): Fires a powerful flame beam from the Ladder Cannon.
    * **Energy Blades** : The rotary wings on the Ladder Cannon's sides can generate energy blades for combat.
  * **Bucket Arm** (버킷 암, _Beokis Am_): The Flame Shovel's excavator arm mounted on Flame Nova's right arm. He can use the weapon to subdue opponents coming from a distance in one move by utilizing its long reach, mobility, and the shovel; to grab an opponent and block their attacks, to strike as a bludgeon or generate a crescent energy slash.
  * **Telekinesis** : Flame Nova can generate green psionic energy in vehicle or robot mode to assist in capturing a target.
  * **[Cosmic Stone](</wiki/Cosmic_Stone> "Cosmic Stone")** (코즈믹 스톤, _Kojeumig Seuton_): Prism-based rocks that has the ability to amplify a Metal Cardbot's power at the cost of rendering them berserk.

## Trivia

  * Flame Nova's initial debut at the end of episode 19 had him sporting a yellow coloration, which was changed to red and black in episode 20.
  * Like Blue Cop Trinity, Flame Nova is a gestalt comprised of multiple vehicles.
  * This is the first Metal Cardbot in the _Metal Cardbot_ series to have a combined form as its base form.
  * As of the finale of _Metal Cardbot S_ , Flame Nova is the only Cardbot to be an unrepentant villain.
  * Unlike the preceding Cardbots, Flame Nova's Metal Card is not any of his primary colors. Instead, it is the primary color of his Card Weapon.
  * The Flame Nova set is the first in the _Metal Cardbot_ toy line to utilize rotating axis to hide both eyes when transforming from vehicle into robot mode (this is due to necessity, as the nature of his design means that without this feature, Flame Nova's vehicle mode eyes would be constantly visible in robot mode outside of a direct shot of his front and back).
  * Flame Nova shares numerous similarities with Red Blitz in personality, namely being both stubborn, aggressive, and willing to fight over any minor acts of defiance. The key difference, however, is that Red Blitz both has genuinely benevolent intentions and can be convinced to put his annoyances aside when he needs to, whereas Flame Nova is both actively malicious and puts his own goals before everyone else.
