# Savannard

### Translations

🇰🇷 사바나드

🇨🇳
🇯🇵
🇷🇺

## Traits

### Vehicle

Semi-Trailer + Car Carrier

### Metal Cards

Elephanted/Giraffed/Zebrad

### Color

Silver

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷

**Savannard** (사바나드, _Sabanadeu_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He is known as the "Silver Warrior" among the other Wild Cardbots.

## History

## Appearance

Savannard is a large silver and black Cardbot with three animal motifs: giraffe, elephant and zebra, notably his head, large shoulder pads and knees, light-blue distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, red hands with claw-based fingers, a native American shaman theme with feathers and tribal features, dark-gray sections on the arms and upper legs, red sections on the torso and feet, a missile launcher gauntlet on each forearm, and a three claw mark symbol on each side of the head. His vehicle form is based on a semi-truck with a car carrier trailer.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Technique

  * **Metal Card - Elephanted/Giraffed/Zebrad** (메탈카드 - 엘리펀티드/지라프드/지브라드, _Metal Kadeu - Ellipeontideu/Jilapeudeu/Jibeuladeu_): A unit comprised of armor, three helmets and a weapon themed on an elephant, giraffe, and zebra. One helmet is donned and the remaining two not used are attached to the shoulder armors.
  * **Elephanted Axe** (엘리펀티드 액스, _Ellipeontideu Aegseu_): The form of the weapon component in **Elephant Mode** (엘리펀티드 모드, _Ellipeontideu Modeu_).
  * **Giraffed Spear** (지라프드 스피어, _Jilapeudeu Seupieo_): The form of the weapon component in **Giraffe Mode** (지라프드 모드, _Jilapeudeu Modeu_).
  * **Zebrad Bow** (지브라드 보우, _Jibeuladeu Bou_): The form of the weapon component in **Zebra Mode** (지브라드 모드, _Jibeuladeu Modeu_).
  * **Missile Launcher** : A 12-round missile pod on each forearm.

## Trivia

  * Savannard's name is based on the word "savannah", a mixed woodland-grassland biome and ecosystem in Africa and Australia.
  * Savannard is the first Wild Cardbot to be based on three animals as opposed to just one.
  * He is the third Cardbot after [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron") and [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex") to have a semi truck alternate mode.
