# Wild Guardy

### Translations

🇰🇷 와일드가디
🇨🇳 裂变骑士
🇹🇼 紫翼鋒衛
🇯🇵ワイルド-ガーディ
🇷🇺 Вайлд Гарди
🇪🇸 Wild Guardian

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Sports Car

### Metal Cards

Wild Shield
Wild Calibur

### Color

Silver
Violet-Blue

## Relationships

### Friends

[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Attack of the Final Boss!](</wiki/Attack_of_the_Final_Boss!> "Attack of the Final Boss!")_

### Sealed in

_[Showdown Between Blue Cop and Wild Guardy!](</wiki/Showdown_Between_Blue_Cop_and_Wild_Guardy!> "Showdown Between Blue Cop and Wild Guardy!")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Sang-Hyeon Eom (엄상현)
🇹🇼 倪聖維

🇷🇺 Даниил Бледный (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Никита Крахмалёв (S)

**Wild Guardy** (와일드가디, _Waildeu Gadi_) is a Cardbot in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He is a rival of [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") and originally planned to join the [Star Guardians](</wiki/Star_Guardians> "Star Guardians") until Machina was destroyed. After arriving on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth"), Wild Guardy met and formed a friendship with [Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest").

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Wild Guardy idolized Blue Cop as the greatest Star Guardian and dreamed of becoming one himself. However, the planet was destroyed before he had a chance to. He drifted through space in an escape pod and ultimately crashed-landed on Earth, suffering terrible damage. The human [Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest") found him and had the technological means to repair him over time, and his kindness resulted in Wild Guardy making his first friend on Earth. After recovering, his goal shifted from becoming a Star Guardian to besting Blue Cop, the only remaining Star Guardian, and becoming the king of all Metal Cardbots.

Wild Guardy's first interaction with Jun's group would be saving them from a recently-awakened [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"), slashing the outlaw while he was charging an attack and giving Blue Cop the chance to hit with a Mega Volt Punch to send him running. While Wild Guardy quickly vanished after doing his part, he would make another appearance at Edo Motors to challenge Blue Cop, managing to critically damage him while driving off [Mega Trucker](</wiki/Mega_Trucker> "Mega Trucker"), only choosing to leave after [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X") arrived.

Following his first duel with Blue Cop, Wild Guardy would mostly stick to observing him from the sidelines, interfering twice during the first encounters with [Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter") and [Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z"), damaging the former's eyes in the first incident and ousting himself as an accomplice of Crest's in the second. Eventually, Wild Guardy would make his final challenge against Jun's group, and after taking out all but Fleta Z, Blue Cop would step in and ultimately defeat him despite the upstart's best efforts. Staying true to their prior agreement, Crest allowed Jun to seal Wild Guardy with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath"), later formally passing over custody of him after encountering Heavy Iron and [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook") at the [Mowtown Landfill](</wiki/Mowtown_Landfill> "Mowtown Landfill").

## Appearance

Wild Guardy is a violet-blue Cardbot with a knight design, a gladiator helmet-shaped head with a gold wing on each side, yellow eyes, gold sections on the torso, silver sections on the outer shoulders, forearms, upper legs and outer lower legs, silver back, upper arms, and upper legs with a gold plate each, half a blue-violet tail fin with a silver center on each leg, light-gray hands with a gold backhand, and light-gray feet. His vehicle form is a sports car modelled after a Ford Mustang.

### Early designs

Wild Guardy was originally light blue and orange, before having his colors changed to mesh better with other Cardbots.[1]

Paintover of an early toy design for Wild Guardy.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Wild Shield** (메탈카드 - 와일드 실드, _Metal Kadeu - Waildeu Sildeu_): A purple translucent shield, also acts as a scabbard for the Wild Calibur and combined with the sword to convert the shield into a large sword. The shield is capable of being utilized for both offense and defense.
  * **Wild Calibur** (와일드 칼리버, _Waildeu Kallibeo_): A translucent purple sword stored in the Wild Shield.
    * **Wild Slash** (와일드 슬래시, _Waildeu Seullaesi_): Wild Guardy's main ultimate move, he gathers energy into the Wild Calibur and unleashes a powerful sword slash.
    * **Wild Rave** (와일드 레이브, _Waildeu Leibeu_): A powerful slash attack by the wielding charging at the opponent. Never used by Wild Guardy himself, but was one of the consecutive attacks used by Ultimate Blue Cop in the final battle with [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron").
    * **Wild Punisher** (와일드 퍼니셔, _Waildeu Peonisyeo_): With the Wild Calibur stored in the Wild Shield to forms a greatsword before being charged with energy of Jun Grant's Metal Cardbots and the forbidden power, Wild Guardy charges at enemies to unleash a powerful slash on par with Blue Cop Trinity's Galaxy Punisher attack.
  * **Guardian Shield** (가디언 실드, _Gadieon Sildeu_): An emerald translucent shield created by Buster Gallon with strong defensive capabilities over the Wild Shield while lacking the latter's sword capabilities.

## Trivia

  * Wild Guardy's original name was "Gold Hunter" during pre-production.[2]
  * The Wild Calibur's blade is translucent purple like the Wild Shield, but the Wild Guardy set has the Wild Calibur completely silver.
