# Night Griffon

### Translations

🇰🇷 나이트그리폰

🇨🇳
🇯🇵
🇷🇺

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Reconnaissance Aircraft

### Metal Cards

Storm Runner
Storm Slasher

### Color

Black
Gold

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop W](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Tigun](</wiki/Tigun> "Tigun")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Claws, Wings& Teeth](</wiki/Claws,_Wings_%26_Teeth> "Claws, Wings & Teeth")_

### Sealed in

_[Soleil& Friends](</wiki/Soleil_%26_Friends> "Soleil & Friends")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Lee Hyun (이현)

**Night Griffon** (나이트그리폰, _Naiteu Geulipon_) is one of the [Wild Cardbots](</wiki/Wild_Cardbots> "Wild Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_. He appears as a belligerent and narcissitic Wild Cardbot looking to test his mettle against any combatants, which was his weakness as he was lead into a trap by the combined efforts of [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and [Soleil](</wiki/Soleil> "Soleil"), leading to his defeat by the humans' Wild Cardbots and being sealed by Jun.

## History

## Appearance

Night Griffon is a black Cardbot with griffon features (albeit the eagle half is more pronounced), particularly on his head and chest. He has green distinctive hexagonal eyes with a unique frame, black hands with claw-based fingers, gold rims throughout his body, feather crest with a griffon head symbol on each side of the head, and red sections on his face, shoulders, arms, torso, and legs, giving him an overall knightly motif. When equipped with his Weapon Cards, his animal design becomes more prominent: he gains lion legs like a centaur, eagle wings on each shoulder, and his chest transforms to reveal an eagle’s face, showcasing his griffon features. His vehicle form is a reconnaissance jet modeled after the SR-71 Blackbird.

## Personality

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Storm Runner** (메탈카드 - 스톰러너, _Metal Kadeu - Seutom Leoneo_): Four lion-based legs that are connected and replace Night Griffon's original legs, giving him a centaur appearance.
    * **Scream of Talon** (스크림 오브 탈론, _Seukeulim Obeu Tallon_): Energized slash attacks with the Storm Runner's claws.
  * **Metal Card - Storm Slasher** (메탈카드 - 스톰슬래셔, _Metal Kadeu - Seutom Seullaesyeo_): A pair of eagle wings that are connected to his thrusters for flight.
    * **Shout of Beak** (샤우트 오브 비크, _Syauteu Obeu Bikeu_): Energized tackle surrounded by an eagle aura.
    * **Screech of Prey** (스크리치 오브 프레이, _Seukeulichi Obeu Peulei_) A horizontal rotating saw attack with the Storm Slasher.
  * **Crimson Lance** (크림슨랜스, _Keulimseun Laenseu_): A red lance held in the right hand and stored in the back. The lance also contains Night Griffon's Beast Virus pathogen.
  * **Knight Shield** (나이트실드, _Naiteu Sildeu_): A large shield on the left arm for defense.

## Trivia

  * Like [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X"), [Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z"), [Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo"), [Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop"), and [Phantom Hornet](</wiki/Phantom_Hornet> "Phantom Hornet"), Night Griffon is the sixth Cardbot overall to be based on an aircraft.
  * Night Griffon is the third Cardbot after [Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy") and Sky Gallop to be based on a medieval knight.
