# Cielo

### Translations

🇰🇷 시에로
🇨🇳 猎空悍将
🇹🇼 蔚空俠翼
🇯🇵 シエロ
🇷🇺 Сиеро

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew")
[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Fighter Twinjet

### Metal Cards

Nitro Express

### Color

Cerulean

## Relationships

### Friends

[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Second Metal Card!](</wiki/Second_Metal_Card!> "Second Metal Card!")_

### Sealed in

4,000 Years Ago ([Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"))
_[Threat From Above](</wiki/Threat_From_Above> "Threat From Above")_ ([Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"))

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Jo Hyun-jung (조현정)
🇹🇼 楊鷗瑄
🇷🇺 Игорь Тимохин

**Cielo** (시에로, _Sielo_) is one of the new [Metal Cardbots](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a member of the [_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew") that arrived on Earth 4,000 years ago.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Cielo was a member of [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")'s crew and one of the three Cardbots he asked to join him on his spaceship _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")'_s journey to establish a new civilization. Cielo acted as the ship's navigator. After the Speranza crashed on Earth due to Red Blitz's failed attempt to save Machina, Cielo and his crewmates became friends with the people of [Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village"), especially [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"), who, due to a lack of resources, sealed them with the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") given to him by Gigantrex and placed stone tablets concealing their Metal Cards in the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") temple. At some point, all of the stone tablets were stolen, and Cielo's was put on display in the [Mowtown Museum](</wiki/Mowtown_Museum> "Mowtown Museum").

## Appearance

Cielo is a cerulean Cardbot with an air force combat uniform motif, a pilot helmet/hood/cap-based head, green eyes, white upper arms and upper legs, orange colored rims throughout the upper body, silver wrists, black hands, cyan neon lights in the upper body, wings and boosters on the shoulders while still retaining their flight features, crosshair marks on the chest and a green light variant on each side of the head, and black feet with a cerulean base. His vehicle form is a fighter jet based on the Yak-130 light combat aircraft.

After the _Speranza_ crash-landed on Earth 4,000 years ago, Cielo was painted with a symbol representing the crew's bond with Mukara on the right side of his cap crest; it faded over time, leading to Jun Grant spray-painting it.

## Personality

Cielo is often impulsive and dives into situations based on his intuition. He makes a conscious effort to get along with humans, but getting along with anyone can be a struggle for him, depending on who it is. Though sometimes slow to warm, once he opens up he is clear about his affection and occasionally teases those younger than him. He is incredibly loyal and always willing to use his strength and skill to defend his allies.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Nitro Express** (메탈카드 - 니트로 익스프레스, _Metal Kadeu - Niteulo Igseupeuleseu_): A pair of machine guns. They are firmly fixed through the joints on Cielo's forearms.
    * **Sky Jet Shot** (스카이 제트 샷, _Seukai Jeteu Syas_): Cielo fires arrow-shaped energy bullets from the Nitro Express. The energy bullets are also capable of penetrating concrete in seconds.
    * **Homing Magnum** (호밍 매그넘, _Homing Maegeuneom_): Cielo's main ultimate skill, he fires energy bullets with guiding missile properties. Unlike the Sky Jet Shot, which fires continuously, it fires in small amounts to avoid being noticed by the opponent.
  * **Missile Launcher** : Cielo can reconfigure both of his arms into missile launchers to fire energy beams.

## Trivia

  * Cielo is the first Cardbot to have a female voice actor.
  * Despite having a female voice actor, one of the toy designers for the _Metal Cardbot S_ line made a tweet stating that Cielo is not a female character.[1]
  * The Cielo set has light-blue eyes while the animation model in the show changed it to green.
