# Peruru

### Family

[Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara") (ancestor)
Unnamed father
[Maruru](</wiki/Maruru> "Maruru") (mother)

### Age

12-13

## Physical description

### Gender

Female

### Hair Colour

Red

### Eye-Colour

Red

### Skin Colour

Medium Fair to Olive

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")

### Metal Cardbots (In Order)

[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### Debut

[Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_Awakens_from_the_Stone_Tablet%3F!> "Metal Cardbot Awakens from the Stone Tablet?!")

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Eunae Kang
🇹🇼 張心藍
🇷🇺 Антонина Спепакова

**Peruru** (페루루, _Pelulu_) is a character introduced in [Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S"). She is from [Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village") and is a direct descendant of the ancient [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"), who has a mysterious connection to Metal Cardbots. She is a caretaker of the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") and possesses Mukara's [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath"), despite not being able to use it herself. After traveling to [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown") following rumors of Metal Cards stolen from the Porcaca Ruins, she becomes allies with [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") and gives him Mukara's Metal Breath to wield. She eventually gains the ability to use the Metal Breath and keeps in touch with Jun's group as protectors of different regions of Earth.

## History

Peruru was raised by her mother [Maruru](</wiki/Maruru> "Maruru") in Porcaca Village. She possessed tremendous athletic ability and became a caretaker of the Porcaca Ruins temple, which housed four Cardbots sealed in their Metal Cards for thousands of years until recently, when they were all stolen. She was given her ancestor Mukara's Metal Breath and [Machinasium spear](</wiki/Machinasium> "Machinasium") and sent on a mission to retrieve them all. Once in Mowtown, the Metal Breath alerted her when the missing Red Blitz became unsealed and she rushed to the scene to find that he had stolen Jun's Metal Breath. Seeing that Jun had [a Cardbot](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop") he could no longer fight with at full capacity, she offered to replace his Metal Breath with hers if they could prove themselves and they then became allies.

## Appearance

Peruru keeps her hair tied back in two braids which she redoes it into a bun when sleeping. Her pointed red eye makeup is a style from her village that her known relatives also wear. Her primary outfit is an short sleeved athelticwear jumpsuit with a traditionally patterned scarf tied around her waist, compression sleeves, and sandals. When traveling, she covers herself with a maroon poncho, baseball hat and face mask, and keeps her Machinasium spear in a carrying case attached with a leather strap. After being taken in by [Yuri](</wiki/Yuri> "Yuri"), she borrows Jun's clothes,[1] including a varsity-style jacket, black jeans, and various t-shirts.

## Metal/Wild Cardbot Collection

### Mukara's Metal Breath

  * [Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
  * [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
  * [Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
  * [Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
  * [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite")
  * [Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
  * [Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
  * [Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Relationships

### Humans

#### Jun Grant

#### Anna

#### Teo

#### Crest

### Cardbots
