# Mega Trucker

### Translations

🇰🇷 메가트러커
🇨🇳 巨力风暴
🇹🇼 熔岩泰坦
🇯🇵メガトラッカ
🇷🇺 Мега Тракер
🇺🇸 Mech Tackle

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Dump Truck

### Metal Cards

Mega Protector

### Color

Orange

## Relationships

### Friends

[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")
[Mega Ambler](</wiki/Mega_Ambler> "Mega Ambler")
[Phoenix Fire](</wiki/Phoenix_Fire> "Phoenix Fire")
[Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X")
[Dexter](</wiki/Dexter> "Dexter")
[Fleta Z](</wiki/Fleta_Z> "Fleta Z")
[Wild Guardy](</wiki/Wild_Guardy> "Wild Guardy")
[Buffalo Crush](</wiki/Buffalo_Crush> "Buffalo Crush")
[Buster Gallon](</wiki/Buster_Gallon> "Buster Gallon")
[Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook")
[Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron")
[Teo](</wiki/Teo> "Teo")
[Anna](</wiki/Anna> "Anna")
[Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo")
[Crest](</wiki/Crest> "Crest")
[Glober](</wiki/Glober> "Glober")
[Rock Crush](</wiki/Rock_Crush> "Rock Crush")
[Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Mystery of the Police Car Robot!](</wiki/Mystery_of_the_Police_Car_Robot!> "Mystery of the Police Car Robot!")_

### Sealed in

_[The Dancing Dump Truck](</wiki/The_Dancing_Dump_Truck> "The Dancing Dump Truck")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Hong Beom-gi (홍범기)
🇨🇳 段晨阳
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Глеб Глушенков (Season 1)
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко (S)

**Mega Trucker** (메가트러커, _Mega Teuleokeo_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_\(season\)> "Metal Cardbot \(season\)")_. He has an affinity for Earth's soul music and dances when music starts playing, and appears when strength or defense is needed.

## History

After landing on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") following the destruction of planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Mega Trucker, against [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")'s wishes, began actively seeking out music venues and dance out in the open. Not wanting their presence to cause unrest amongst humanity, Blue Cop would regularly try to keep Mega Trucker under control and hidden, with a scuffle at [Edo Motors](</wiki/Edo_Motors> "Edo Motors") causing the [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") to end up with [Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant"). Shortly after scaring away some more street dancers, Mega Trucker would be lured back to Edo Motors by Jun and Blue Cop, and after a significant struggle he was the first Cardbot to be sealed by Jun.

## Appearance

Mega Trucker is an orange Cardbot based on an American football player with light-blue eyes, a football helmet-based head with a fist symbol on each side, yellow-orange sections on the limbs and head, white hands, and gray upper arms and upper legs. His vehicle mode is a dump truck, which is based off of an [Isuzu Giga](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isuzu_Giga>).

### Early concepts

Mega Trucker's early design[1]

The many faces of Mega Trucker[2]

## Personality

Mega Trucker acts carelessly on his own, not bothering to blend in with the vehicles of Earth despite [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop")'s warnings. He loves dancing, with his favorite music genre being Latin music.[3]

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Mega Protector** (메탈카드 - 메가 프로텍터, _Metal Kadeu - Mega Peulotegteo_): A translucent orange colored shield with a saw blade mounted on Mega Trucker's left arm.
    * **Mega Power Tackle** (메가 파워 태클, _Mega Pawo Taekeul_): Mega Trucker's main ultimate technique. Delivers a powerful tackle with the Mega Protector against the enemy.
    * **Shoulder Shield** (숄더 실드, _Syoldeo Sildeu_): The Mega Protector deploys an energy shield around the body to protect Mega Trucker.
    * **Mega Touchdown** (메가 터치다운, _Mega Teochidaun_): Mega Trucker slams the opponent with the Mega Protector while jumping.
    * **Ultra Mega Power Shield** (울트라 메가 파워 실드, _Ulteula Mega Pawo Sildeu_): Mega Trucker's advanced ultimate technique, which was made possible through Edo's modification. The Mega Protector combines the power of other Metal Cardbots to create a giant defensive shield. The defensive power is enough to block even an escape pod that falls from the sky like a meteor. However, it is not infallible, and has twice been shattered by a supercharged [Black Hook](</wiki/Black_Hook> "Black Hook") and [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron"). With the addition of Heavy Iron to Jun's group of Cardbots, the shield became powerful enough to cancel out by the Cosmic Stone charged [Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova")'s Giga Flame Impact.

## Trivia

  * Mega Trucker's original name was "Motorgrader" (모터그레이트)[4], referencing a road grader instead of a dump truck.
  * Mega Trucker's helmet was originally supposed to squash and stretch with his facial movements, but this was not implemented in the final version.[2]
  * The Mega Trucker set is tooled so that the Mega Protector can only be placed on the left shoulder, while in the show, he uses it on his left arm. Additionally, prior to getting sealed by Jun, the Mega Protector was mounted on the right arm, whereas all future usages have it mounted on the left arm. It would not be until _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_ that the Mega Protector is correctly shoulder-mounted.
  * Due to his more brutish combat style and being one of Jun's secondary default Cardbots, Mega Trucker shares Blue Cop's role as primary punching bag for any unfortunate circumstances that occur in combat.
