# Gigantrex

### Translations

🇰🇷 기간트렉스
🇨🇳 焰龙战神
🇹🇼 暴戾龍鋸
🇯🇵 ギガントレックス
🇷🇺 Гигантрекс

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew")
[Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") (momentarily)
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

### Role on Machina

Captain of the [_Speranza_](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Tractor Truck + Tanker Trailer

### Metal Cards

Rex Arm

### Color

Red

## Relationships

### Friends

[Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara")
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Jun Grant](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant")
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit")
[Flash Vector](</wiki/Flash_Vector> "Flash Vector")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Reunion with Gigantrex](</wiki/Reunion_with_Gigantrex> "Reunion with Gigantrex")_

### Sealed in

4,000 Years Ago ([Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"))
_[The Return of Steel](</wiki/The_Return_of_Steel> "The Return of Steel")_ ([Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru"))

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 An Jang-hyuk (안장혁)
🇹🇼 楊士賢
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко

**Gigantrex** (기간트렉스, _Giganteulegseu_) is one of the new [Metal Cardbots](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and a brief antagonist in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is the captain of the spaceship [_Speranza_](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza") and the [_Speranza_ Crew](</wiki/Speranza_Crew> "Speranza Crew") that arrived on Earth 4,000 years ago. He was entrusted by [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina") to find a new homeworld and safeguard the 2 billion sealed Cardbots onboard the _Speranza_.

In _[Metal Cardbot W](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_W> "Metal Cardbot W")_ , it was revealed that Gigantrex is a Wild Cardbot carrier from being bitten by [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite"), who was also revealed to be a carrier.

## History

On planet [Machina](</wiki/Machina> "Machina"), Gigantrex was captain of the spaceship _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_ and prepared it for a journey to establish a new civilization. He invited his trusted associates [Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz"), [Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo"), and [Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde") to be his bridge crew and the ship left before the planet's explosion. While the crew was devastated by news of Machina's destruction, Gigantrex revealed he already knew its fate after being warned by [Deus Machina](</wiki/Deus_Machina> "Deus Machina") and claimed it was inevitable. After the _Speranza_ crashed on [Earth](</wiki/Earth> "Earth") due to Red Blitz's misguided attempt to save Machina, its crew became friends with the people of [Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village"), especially [Mukara](</wiki/Mukara> "Mukara"), who Gigantrex gifted his [Metal Breath](</wiki/Metal_Breath> "Metal Breath") and [Machinasium spear](</wiki/Machinasium> "Machinasium"). Due to a lack of resources, Mukara sealed them and placed stone tablets concealing their Metal Cards in the [Porcaca Ruins](</wiki/Porcaca_Ruins> "Porcaca Ruins") temple. At some point, all of the stone tablets were stolen, and Gigantrex's ended up on a cargo ship that was attacked and sunk by a crazed [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite") suffering from a damaged tooth. Gigantrex was unsealed and attacked by Deep Bite, the resulting head wound causing erratic behavior. He encountered Cielo and Musclehyde in [Jun Grant's](</wiki/Jun_Grant> "Jun Grant") party but abandoned them after a confrontation, and later reunited with Red Blitz.

## Appearance

Gigantrex is a red Cardbot with a colossal body, black/silver/yellow/white coloration throughout his body, a head resembling the _[Speranza](</wiki/Speranza> "Speranza")_ in shape with a fang-style symbol and booster-based flap on each side, light-blue eyes, a red torso, broad red shoulders with a yellow/white base, black arms with a silver/yellow/red base, red hands, a metal panel on each forearm, matching yellow and black symbols on the chest and forehead, a black back, a black hip with yellow and red portions, silver upper legs with red/black bases and black panels on the outer side, yellow knee extensions with black portions, black lower legs with a red/silver base and silver panels adorn with a red ladder plating along the outer side, and white feet with red and black sections. The tires, mudflaps and suspension on his back can convert into thrusters for an increase in speed. His vehicle form is a semi-bonnet tractor truck with a tanker trailer, which forms Gigantrex's arms and legs. He possess the same height as [Heavy Iron](</wiki/Heavy_Iron> "Heavy Iron").

After the _Speranza_ crash-landed on Earth 4,000 years ago, Gigantrex was painted with a symbol representing the crew's bond with Mukara on his right shoulder.

Gigantrex sustained a wound on his head made by Deep Bite that generated sparks and electricity. The wound affected his mind, making him more aggressive, and was was repaired when Peruru thrust her Machinasium spear into it. He also gained a diagonal slash on his chest from his first battle with [Blue Cop Trinity](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"), which has been repaired after the battle for the _Speranza_.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Rex Arm** (메탈카드 - 렉스 암, _Metal Kadeu - Legseu Am_): A large _Tyrannosaurus-rex_ head style gauntlet mounted on Gigantrex's left arm.
    * **Death Grip** (데스 그립, _Deseu Geulib_): A giant pincer grip Gigantrex uses to crush targets with the Rex Arm's fangs. It has shown tremendous power, enough to destroy Blue Cop S's Justice Gauntlet and Musclehyde's Crane Site, and do severe damage to a Cardbot.
    * **Rex Inferno** (렉스 인페르노, _Legseu Inpeleuno_): A wide-area skill that is activated by Gigantrex slamming the Rex Arm filled with flame energy into the ground. It burns the surrounding area. A variant includes emitting a fire beam from the Rex Arm jaws.
  * **Rex Blade** (렉스 블레이드, _Legseu Beulleideu_): A wrist blade that unfolds from the metal panel on Gigantrex's arms.
  * **Vulcan** : Like Heavy Iron, Gigantrex can fire energy bullets from the exhaust ports on both his shoulders.
  * **[Organizer](</wiki/Organizer> "Organizer")** (오거나이저, _Ogeonaijeo_): A portal device stored inside Gigantrex's chest. Unlike Red Blitz, Gigantrex is adept to using the device in combat until its over usage caused the device to malfunction and harm Gigantrex until the Cardbots were successful in destroying it.

## Trivia

  * Gigantrex is the first Metal Cardbot in the series to possess a Weapon Card that's as large as a user's body.
  * The deployment of Gigantrex's Rex Blades differ from the show and the set: the show has Gigantrex folding out the Rex Blades from the bottom of the flap gauntlet like a pocket knife, and the set has both sides of the gauntlet sliding open in opposite directions to extend the blade out.
