# Flash Vector

### Translations

🇰🇷 플래시벡터
🇨🇳 疾速幻影
🇹🇼 電閃脈衝
🇯🇵 フラッシュベクトル
🇷🇺 Флэш Вектор

## Characteristics

### Affiliation

[Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") (formerly)
[Porcaca Village](</wiki/Porcaca_Village> "Porcaca Village")

## Traits

### Vehicle

Formula One Car

### Metal Cards

Vanishing Skates

### Color

Midnight-Blue
White

## Relationships

### Friends

[Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit") (little brother)
[Sky Gallop](</wiki/Sky_Gallop> "Sky Gallop")
[Flame Nova](</wiki/Flame_Nova> "Flame Nova") (enthraller)
[Peruru](</wiki/Peruru> "Peruru")
[Gigantrex](</wiki/Gigantrex> "Gigantrex")
[Red Blitz](</wiki/Red_Blitz> "Red Blitz")
[Cielo](</wiki/Cielo> "Cielo")
[Musclehyde](</wiki/Musclehyde> "Musclehyde")

## Appearances

### First Appearance

_[Exclusive! Steel Interview](</wiki/Exclusive!_Steel_Interview> "Exclusive! Steel Interview")_

### Sealed in

_[The Return of Steel](</wiki/The_Return_of_Steel> "The Return of Steel")_

### Voice Actor

🇰🇷 Yong-woo Shin (신용우)
🇹🇼 李英吉
🇷🇺 Андрей Тенетко

**Flash Vector** (플래시벡터, _Peullaesi Begteo_) is a [Metal Cardbot](</wiki/Metal_Cardbots> "Metal Cardbots") and one of the [Hidden Cardbots](</wiki/Hidden_Cardbots> "Hidden Cardbots") in _[Metal Cardbot S](</wiki/Metal_Cardbot_S> "Metal Cardbot S")_. He is a stealth operative Cardbot and and a duo with his younger brother [Spark Bit](</wiki/Spark_Bit> "Spark Bit") currently seeking the last Star Guardian [Blue Cop](</wiki/Blue_Cop> "Blue Cop"). His desire for following the one with Deus Machina's treasure lead to both him and Spark Bit going berserk from Flame Nova implanting Cosmic Stones in their bodies. Flash Vector was saved by the combined might of Jun and Peruru's Cardbots, leading to Jun sealing Flash Vector in the Metal Breath. After the final battle for the _Speranza_ , both brothers joined Peruru's Cardbots to atone for their misgivings.

## History

On the Planet Machina, Flash Vector is a supersonic speed Cardbot specialized in stealth operations. He crossed paths with the young Spark Bit and fought him as the sun set, each combatant unyielding. After they both dealt a final blow to one another, Spark Bit fell first followed by Flash Vector, accepting his loss and chose to acknowledge Flash Vector as his elder brother, which the latter accepted. The brothers joined the other Cardbots on the exodus of Machina as the planet was destroyed, later finding their way to the planet Earth.

## Appearance

Flash Vector is a midnight-blue Cardbot with a Formula One motif, a triangular racing car-style head with with a cyan visor, light-blue eyes, tail on the forehead, red section on the scalp, a two-cylinder exhaust port with a Mercedes-Benz-style logo on each side, a midnight-blue torso with a front/rear wing on the chest that contains a checker flag and the "F1" logo, midnight-blue shoulders with white/silver sections resembling vents, white upper arms, midnight-blue forearms with white wrist sections, black hands, his vehicle form's front half, cockpit and front wheels are stored on his back and the wheels can convert into thrusters to assist in aerial maneuver., white lower torso, black/midnight-blue hip with a red/black buckle, white upper legs with silver vents, midnight-blue lower legs with white stripes, rear wheels as the shins, half a red flag on each ankle, and black feet with a white base and white/red flag crest. His vehicle form is a Formula One car with a closed cockpit.

After being corrupted with a Cosmic Stone before being saved, Flash Vector gains glowing magenta circuit lines throughout his body, his pupils disappear, and the Cosmic Stone inserted to his right shoulder grew and spreads down to his chest with glowing indigo circuit lines.

## Arsenal & Techniques

  * **Metal Card - Vanishing Skate** (메탈카드 - 베니싱 스케이트, _Metal Kadeu - Benising Seukeiteu_): A pair of inline skates that Flash Vector mounts on both feet. Flash Vector can use them in conjecture with the boosters on his back to move at high-speed, or for enhanced kicks.
    * **Flash Dash** (플래시 대쉬, _Peullaesi Daeswi_): A technique that allows Flash Vector to move quickly using the accelerator built in Vanishing Skates.
    * **Hyper Dash** (하이퍼 대쉬, _Haipeo Daeswi_): An unknown technique not used in the show.
  * **Silent Edge** (사일런트 엣지, _Sailleonteu Esji_): Twin dagger-shaped blades that transform from the wing section of Flash Vector's vehicle mode. Flash Vector wields these blades in each hand with a reverse grip for combat and to generate navy energy slashes. Stored on Flash Vector's forearms when not used.
    * **Scream Cutter** (스크림 커터, _Seukeulim Keoteo_): An unknown technique not used in the show.
    * **Machinasium Stinger** (마키나시움 독침, _Makinasium Dogchim_): The back of the Silent Edges contains four darts coated in a special poison current that can paralyze Cardbots via overloading them with energy. These barbs also electrocute any organic lifeforms such as humans, as [Edo](</wiki/Edo> "Edo") found out while trying to remove one from [Deep Bite](</wiki/Deep_Bite> "Deep Bite"). However, thanks to the modifications that allow him to run on [Mowtown](</wiki/Mowtown> "Mowtown")'s rails without overloading, [Blastrain](</wiki/Blastrain> "Blastrain") is immune to this ability's effects.
  * **Stealth Mode** (스텔스 모드, _Seutelseu Modeu_): Like [Shadow X](</wiki/Shadow_X> "Shadow X"), Flash Vector possess a camouflage ability to blend around his surroundings for either of his forms.
  * **Smoke Bombs**

## Trivia

  * Flash Vector's vehicle mode is reminiscent to the mecha Engine Machalcon from the 2011 Japanese Tokusatsu series _Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger_.
  * Flash Vector is currently the only Metal Cardbot to not utilize his Metal Card weapon's techniques.
  * Despite being shown that Flash Vector can store his Silent Edges on his forearms in the show, the set is incapable of replicating that feature.
